Bubbly Rouge Porcupine

medium

# Using `block.timestamp` onchain as deadline offers no protection for mint, or burning LP in `OCL_ZVE.sol`

## Summary
To understand better read : https://dacian.me/defi-slippage-attacks#heading-no-expiration-deadline

Using the deadline as input parameter will offer the protection. 
The protocol is using `block.timestamp` as the deadline argument while interacting with the uniswap pools in `OCL_ZVE.sol`, which completely defeats the purpose of using a deadline.

Using `block.timestamp` as the deadline is effectively a no-operation that has no effect nor protection. Since` block.timestamp` will take the timestamp value when the transaction gets mined, the check will end up comparing `block.timestamp` against the same value, i.e. block.timestamp <= block.timestamp in the uniswap routers


Similar issues where it's judged as medium:

1. https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-12-particle-findings/issues/59

2. https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-08-pooltogether-findings/issues/126

3. https://solodit.xyz/issues/using-blocktimestamp-for-swap-deadline-offers-no-protection-cyfrin-none-cyfrin-dexe-markdown

4. https://gist.github.com/code423n4/3c6507b76ca940e11c287862cb4a1fd3?permalink_comment_id=4779121#m02-using-blocktimestamp-as-the-deadlineexpiry-invites-mev

5. https://solodit.xyz/issues/blocktimestamp-used-as-swap-deadline-offers-no-protection-cyfrin-none-cyfrin-beefy-finance-markdown

6. https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-backed-findings/issues/64

## Vulnerability Detail

Actions in the Uniswap contract are protected by a deadline parameter to limit the execution of pending transactions. Functions that modify the liquidity of the pool check this parameter against the current block timestamp in order to discard expired actions.

These interactions with the Uniswap pools are present in the `OCL_ZVE.sol`. The functions `addLiquidity() & removeLiquidity()` call their corresponding functions in the Uniswap, providing block.timestamp as the argument for the deadline parameter:

addLiquidity:
    https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/01e00e6f27b58392a6fa0b82c84a46a783a0df3c/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L198

removeLiquidity:
    https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/01e00e6f27b58392a6fa0b82c84a46a783a0df3c/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L233
    https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/01e00e6f27b58392a6fa0b82c84a46a783a0df3c/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L268
    https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/01e00e6f27b58392a6fa0b82c84a46a783a0df3c/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L316


Failure to provide a proper deadline value enables pending transactions to be maliciously executed at a later point. Transactions that provide an insufficient amount of gas such that they are not mined within a reasonable amount of time, can be picked by malicious actors or MEV bots and executed later in detriment of the submitter.


**How to expoit deadline with MEV :** from this [issue](https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-backed-findings/issues/64) (the author runs a MEV bot).
AMMs provide their users with an option to limit the execution of their pending actions, such as swaps or adding and removing liquidity. The most common solution is to include a deadline timestamp as a parameter (for example see Uniswap V2 and Uniswap V3). If such an option is not present, users can unknowingly perform bad trades:

Alice wants to swap 100 tokens for 1 ETH and later sell the 1 ETH for 1000 DAI.
The transaction is submitted to the mempool, however, Alice chose a transaction fee that is too low for miners to be interested in including her transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods, which could be hours, days, weeks, or even longer.
When the average gas fee dropped far enough for Alice's transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, her swap will be executed. In the meantime, the price of ETH could have drastically changed. She will still get 1 ETH but the DAI value of that output might be significantly lower. She has unknowingly performed a bad trade due to the pending transaction she forgot about.
An even worse way this issue can be maliciously exploited is through MEV:

The swap transaction is still pending in the mempool. Average fees are still too high for miners to be interested in it. The price of tokens has gone up significantly since the transaction was signed, meaning Alice would receive a lot more ETH when the swap is executed. But that also means that her maximum slippage value (sqrtPriceLimitX96 and minOut in terms of the Papr contracts) is outdated and would allow for significant slippage.
A MEV bot detects the pending transaction. Since the outdated maximum slippage value now allows for high slippage, the bot sandwiches Alice, resulting in significant profit for the bot and significant loss for Alice.


## Impact


## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use a fixed deadline as input param, and also never set deadline to block.timestamp.

```diff
    function pullFromLocker(address asset, bytes calldata data, uint deadline ) external override onlyOwner nonReentrant {
        address ZVE = IZivoeGlobals_OCL_ZVE(GBL).ZVE();
        address pair = IFactory_OCL_ZVE(factory).getPair(pairAsset, ZVE);
        
        (uint amountAMin, uint amountBMin) = abi.decode(data, (uint, uint));

        // "pair" represents the liquidity pool token (minted, burned).
        // "pairAsset" represents the stablecoin paired against $ZVE.
        if (asset == pair) {
            uint256 preBalLPToken = IERC20(pair).balanceOf(address(this));
            IERC20(pair).safeIncreaseAllowance(router, preBalLPToken);

            // Router removeLiquidity() endpoint.
            (uint256 claimedPairAsset, uint256 claimedZVE) = IRouter_OCL_ZVE(router).removeLiquidity(
                pairAsset, ZVE, preBalLPToken, 
-               amountAMin, amountBMin, address(this), block.timestamp + 14 days
+               amountAMin, amountBMin, address(this), deadline
            );
            emit LiquidityTokensBurned(preBalLPToken, claimedZVE, claimedPairAsset);
            assert(IERC20(pair).allowance(address(this), router) == 0); 

            IERC20(pairAsset).safeTransfer(owner(), IERC20(pairAsset).balanceOf(address(this)));
            IERC20(ZVE).safeTransfer(owner(), IERC20(ZVE).balanceOf(address(this)));
            basis = 0;
        }
        else {
            IERC20(asset).safeTransfer(owner(), IERC20(asset).balanceOf(address(this)));
        }
    }
```