Expert Inky Bobcat

high

# Lack of slippage checks in ZivoeSwapper

## Summary
Due to the absence of slippage checks, lockers using the `ZivoeSwapper.convertAsset()` function are vulnerable to exploitation by malicious keepers aiming to steal funds from the swaps.

## Vulnerability Detail
The ZivoeSwapper contract works as a wrappers for 1inch for some lockers, like `OCT_YDL`.It does some validation on the function parameters and then call the 1inch router to do the specified swap. For example, see the code of the `handle_validation_12aa3caf()` function which is executed before calling 1inch's swap().


The ZivoeSwapper contract serves as a wrapper for 1inch in certain lockers, such as `OCT_YDL`. It performs validations on the function parameters and then invokes the 1inch router to execute the specified swap. For instance, refer to the code of the `handle_validation_12aa3caf()` function below, which is executed before calling 1inch's swap() method.

```solidity
    function handle_validation_12aa3caf(bytes calldata data, address assetIn, address assetOut, uint256 amountIn) internal view {
        (, SwapDescription memory _b,) = abi.decode(data[4:], (address, SwapDescription, bytes));
        require(address(_b.srcToken) == assetIn, "ZivoeSwapper::handle_validation_12aa3caf() address(_b.srcToken) != assetIn");
        require(address(_b.dstToken) == assetOut, "ZivoeSwapper::handle_validation_12aa3caf() address(_b.dstToken) != assetOut");
        require(_b.amount == amountIn, "ZivoeSwapper::handle_validation_12aa3caf() _b.amount != amountIn");
        require(_b.dstReceiver == address(this), "ZivoeSwapper::handle_validation_12aa3caf() _b.dstReceiver != address(this)");
    }
```

While the contract correctly validates certain fields of the `SwapDescription` struct, such as input and output tokens, and the destination of the swapped funds, it does not check the `minReturnAmount` field. Consequently, the control over slippage limits lies entirely with the keeper.

Similarly, the other swap functions (`handle_validation_e449022e` and `handle_validation_0502b1c5`) lack any slippage validation before executing the swaps. Thus, all swaps conducted by lockers are entirely reliant on keepers properly setting the `minReturnAmount` / `minAmountOut` parameter.

Malicious keepers can exploit this vulnerability by permitting high slippage to occur and sandwiching these swaps, allowing them to steal funds from the swaps.

## Impact
`ZivoeSwapper` fails to validate slippage parameters before executing swaps, thereby enabling keepers to exploit this vulnerability to steal funds from the swaps.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/Utility/ZivoeSwapper.sol#L84-L159

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider checking the relevant slippage parameters (`minReturnAmount` / `minAmountOut`) in the `ZivoeSwapper` validation functions.
