Droll Pecan Llama

high

# ZivoeDAO does not clear allowance for Locker

## Summary

The ZivoeDAO is an escrow contract for ERC20 tokens among the others. It has functionality to push ERC20 tokens to the selected  Locker by the owner. It assumes that not all tokens can be transferred by means of `transferFrom` by the Locker and residual allowance should be zeroed. However, it does not decrease the allowance correctly, leaving the allowance with positive value.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `push()` function firstly increase the allowance for the Locker, then calls the Locker's `pushToLocker()` function to consume tokens. Finally, the function attempts to decrease the allowance for the Locker to set it to 0.
However, the `safeDecreaseAllowance()` has hardcoded 0 as input parameter, which means that allowance should be decreased by 0 instead of decreasing it for remaining allowance, e.g. `IERC20(asset).allowance(address(this), locker)`.

The same can be observed in the `pushMulti()` function.

```solidity
    function push(address locker, address asset, uint256 amount, bytes calldata data) external onlyOwner nonReentrant {
        require(IZivoeGlobals_DAO(GBL).isLocker(locker), "ZivoeDAO::push() !IZivoeGlobals_DAO(GBL).isLocker(locker)");
        require(ILocker_DAO(locker).canPush(), "ZivoeDAO::push() !ILocker_DAO(locker).canPush()");
        emit Pushed(locker, asset, amount, data);
        IERC20(asset).safeIncreaseAllowance(locker, amount);
        ILocker_DAO(locker).pushToLocker(asset, amount, data);
        // ZivoeDAO MUST ensure "locker" has 0 allowance before this function concludes.
        if (IERC20(asset).allowance(address(this), locker) > 0) { IERC20(asset).safeDecreaseAllowance(locker, 0); }
    }
```

## Impact

The locker contract can transfer tokens from ZivoeDAO whenever the allowance has still positive value after calling ZivoeDAO's `push()` or `pushMulti()` functions.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeDAO.sol#L246

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeDAO.sol#L299

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to decrease allowance to 0 upon completing the `push()` or `pushMulti()` functions.
