Rural Sandstone Toad

medium

# `OCL_ZVE` profit calculation is wrong

## Summary
`OCL_ZVE` profit calculation is wrong.


## Vulnerability Detail
`OCL_ZVE` allocates capital to a `ZVE/pairAsset` pool for liquidity provisioning, where `pairAsset` is a stablecoin. And it will forward a percentage of the profits from the LP-ing to the `ZivoeYDL` as yield distribution. 

It calculates profit based on its LP share amount of the `pairAsset` within `fetchBasis()`, and proceeds to take profit when its share amount of `pairAsset` increases. This occurs when ZVE price increases (as LP will have more `pairAsset` relative to `ZVE`) and when LP earn swap fees, which will increase LP share amount of both `ZVE` and `pairAsset`. It assumes that the LP is in profit when `ZVE` price increase or when LP share amount of `pairAsset` increases.

The problem is that the LP mainly earn from swap fees. So it is possible to have profit even if `ZVE` price remains constant. On the other hand, LP could also incur losses even if `ZVE` price increases, due to impermanent loss.

Furthermore, it is also possible for the pairAsset (stablecoin) to depeg, resulting in a miscalculation in the actual price of `ZVE`. 


```Solidity
    function fetchBasis() public view returns (uint256 amount, uint256 lp) {
        address pool = IFactory_OCL_ZVE(factory).getPair(pairAsset, IZivoeGlobals_OCL_ZVE(GBL).ZVE());
        uint256 pairAssetBalance = IERC20(pairAsset).balanceOf(pool);
        uint256 poolTotalSupply = IERC20(pool).totalSupply();
        lp = IERC20(pool).balanceOf(address(this));

        //@audit the basis for profit calculation only consider pairAsset value and not total LP value
        amount = lp * pairAssetBalance / poolTotalSupply;
    }
```

## Impact
The wrong profit calculation will cause the yield distribution to be incorrect, leading to loss of yield for the users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L336-L342

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
This can be fixed by calculating profit based on the combined value of both `ZVE` and `pairAsset` for the LP share amount.
