Jumpy Yellow Kitten

high

# 100% slippage tolerance in forwardYield will lead to near complete loss of yield for OCL_ZVE

## Summary
 
In the OCL_ZVE locker, the forwardYield function is called every 30 days to remove a large part of the accumulated yield from a ZVE/PairAsset Uniswap/Sushi Pool. The received yield is then sent to the YDL for distribution to investors. 

The removal of yield is done by calling `removeLiquidity`. However, this function is called with `0,0` for `amountAmin` and `amountBmin`, which sets the slippage tolerance to 100%. In other words, the transaction will not revert even if the protocol receives exactly `0`.

As a consequence, a significant part (or even all) of the yield will be lost due to frontrunning/sandwich attack which will exploit the 100% slippage tolerance. 

The likelihood and profitability of frontrunning/sandwich attacks mainly rest on three factors: 
1. Size of the pool. The smaller the pool, the easier it is to manipulate the price. The larger, the more costly. 
2. % of slippage tolerance. The greater the tolerance, the greater the potential profit.
3. Gas costs. The cost of manipulating the order of transactions.    

When we apply these factors to Zivoe: 
1. The pool will very small to small since it is a new protocol with limited funds.
2. Slippage tolerance is set to 100%, so maximum profit can be obtained. 
3. Gas costs on layer2 solutions (which interact with uniswap) are extremely low. 



## Vulnerability Detail

In `OCL_ZVE: _forwardYield` we find
```solidity
(uint256 claimedPairAsset, uint256 claimedZVE) = IRouter_OCL_ZVE(router).removeLiquidity(
          pairAsset, ZVE, lpBurnable, 0, 0, address(this), block.timestamp + 14 days
        );

// The removeLiquidity function is defined in the interface IRouter_OCL_ZVE

    /// @notice Removes liquidity in a pool with both ERC20 tokens A and B.
    /// @param tokenA A pool token.
    /// @param tokenB A pool token.
    /// @param liquidity The amount of liquidity tokens to remove.
    /// @param amountAMin The minimum amount of tokenA that must be received for the transaction not to revert.
    /// @param amountBMin The minimum amount of tokenB that must be received for the transaction not to revert.
    /// @param to Recipient of the underlying assets.
    /// @param deadline Unix timestamp after which the transaction will revert.
    /// @return amountA The amount of tokenA received.
    /// @return amountB The amount of tokenB received.
    function removeLiquidity(
        address tokenA, address tokenB, uint256 liquidity, 
        uint256 amountAMin, uint256 amountBMin, address to, uint256 deadline
    ) external returns (uint256 amountA, uint256 amountB);
```

As the function call shows, the `removeLiquidity` has set `amountAMin` and `amountBMin` to `0.0`, thus allowing 100% slippage tolerance.


## Impact

Under Sherlock Rules, this finding falls under IV. 

> IV. How to identify a high issue:
>    Definite loss of funds without (extensive) limitations of external conditions.
>    Inflicts serious non-material losses (doesn't include contract simply not working).

Specifically for slippage, the rules also state: 
>VIII. List of Issue categories that are considered valid:
>    Slippage related issues showing a definite loss of funds with a detailed explanation for the same can be considered valid high

The forwardYield function is the **sole** source of Yield for the OCL_ZVE. Given small size of the pool and the 100% slippage tolerance allowed, the protocol will lose nearly (or all) the yield they accumulated in the pool every time they call the function. 

This loss means less (or no) yield will be transferred to the YDL and distributed to the users and the protocol. Which constitutes a definite loss of funds for all parties, the users and the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L307-L330

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Set slippage parameters similar to those used in the `addLiquidity` function, namely allowing a maximum slippage of 10%