Shiny Carob Raven

high

# Attackers can front-run the ﻿ZivoeYDL.distributeYield() function and call ﻿returnAsset() to prevent the available yield in YDL from being distributed to the appropriate recipients

## Summary

The `ZivoeYDL.distributeYield()` function distributes the current balance in the contract as yield to recipients.
Since anyone can call the `ZivoeYDL.returnAsset()` function to move the asset from YDL to the DAO. An attacker can front-run the `distributeYield()` function and call the `returnAsset()` function to clean the asset balance, resulting in the `distributeYield()` function distributing 0 yield. As a result, the recipients can not get their reward in time.

## Vulnerability Detail

```solidity
    function distributeYield() external nonReentrant {
        ...
        // Calculate protocol earnings.
        uint256 earnings = IERC20(distributedAsset).balanceOf(address(this));
        ...
    }
```

The `distributeYield()` function in the `ZivoeYDL` contract is responsible for distributing the available earnings to the yield recipients (protocol recipients, senior tranche, junior tranche, residual recipients). It uses the current balance in the contract as the available earnings to distribute.

```solidity
    function returnAsset(address asset) external {
        require(asset != distributedAsset, "ZivoeYDL::returnAsset() asset == distributedAsset");
        emit AssetReturned(asset, IERC20(asset).balanceOf(address(this)));
        IERC20(asset).safeTransfer(IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).DAO(), IERC20(asset).balanceOf(address(this)));
    }
```

However, there is a permissionless `returnAsset()` function in the `ZivoeYDL` contract, which can be used to transfer all the balance to the DAO.
Attackers can front-run the `distributeYield()` TX and call `returnAsset()` to set the balance in the YDL to 0, which causes the distributeYield() to distribute 0 amount of earnings to recipients.

```solidity
    function distributeYield() external nonReentrant {
        ...
        require(
            block.timestamp >= lastDistribution + daysBetweenDistributions * 86400, 
            "ZivoeYDL::distributeYield() block.timestamp < lastDistribution + daysBetweenDistributions * 86400"
        );

        ...
        lastDistribution = block.timestamp;
        ...
    }
```
To make matters worse, the `distributeYield()` call will update the `lastDistribution` state variable, which disables the `distributeYield()` for 30 days (`daysBetweenDistributions`) due to the above block timestamp check.
This means that if a `﻿distributeYield()` call is subject to a front-running attack, the team cannot use the `distributeYield()` function to redistribute the yields for 30 days. In other words, without other ways to redistribute the yields, the yield recipients can not get their rightful yields in at least 30 days. 

## Impact

Attackers can front-run the `distributeYield()` with `returnAsset()`, causing the `distributeYield()` to distribute 0 amount of yield. 
Since there is a 30-day interval between two `distributeYield()` calls, without other ways to redistribute the yields, the yield recipients cannot get their yield redistributed by `distributeYield()` in 30 days.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeYDL.sol#L213-L310
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeYDL.sol#L314C1-L318C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
One way to mitigate the issue is to prevent the distribution of 0 earnings in ﻿`distributeYield()`. Another approach is to implement proper access control for the ﻿`returnAsset()` function.