Rural Sandstone Toad

high

# Overwriting `basis` even when `amount <= basis` Leads to Overallocation of Rewards

## Summary

Every time the USDC in the `ZVE/USDC` pool decreases between two `forwardYield` calls, the loss is "written off" due to the line but every time the USDC amount increases it is rewarded as yield. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The easiest way to explain this vulenarbility is through an example

Take this scenario:

Let's say there is an initial USDC deposit. Then there are 3 sequential yield distribution calls, with no other changes to the deposit:

In 1st yield distribution call the `USDC/ZVE` ratio is 100/100
In 2nd yield distribution call the `USDC/ZVE` ratio is 50/200
In 3nd yield distribution call the `USDC/ZVE` ratio is 100/200 again.

We can see that from the 1st to 3rd yield distribution, the USDC in the pool is exactly the same. There has been no total USDC gain and in our hypothetical example no yield gained. Logically, no yield should be distributed.

In Ziove, during the 2nd yield distribution call, the previous basis of `100` is replaced with the new basis of `50`.

```solidity
        if (amount > basis) { _forwardYield(amount, lp); }
        //replaces the basis stored
        (basis,) = fetchBasis();
```

Then in the 3rd distribute yield call, the `amount` is `100`  when `50`, which is basically registered as `50` USDC gain to be distributed to users.

The correct logic is to put `(basis,) = fetchBasis();` within the basis, so the basis is only updated when yield is forwaded.

## Impact

Severe overallocation of yield due to losses between yield distribution periods being written off and gains between periods being distributed

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L287-L305

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The  correct logic is to put the `basis` overwriting inside the `if` statement rather than outside, like this:

```solidity
if (amount > basis) { 
     _forwardYield(amount, lp); 
    (basis,) = fetchBasis();
}
```
However there may be other problems with basis that also need to be fixed due to seperate issues.