Odd Concrete Cyborg

high

# `ZivoeDAO`  contract has Incorrect Usage of `SafeDecreaseAllowance` function

## Summary
The contract `ZivoeDAO` contains a bug in the `push` and `pushMulti` functions where the `safeDecreaseAllowance` function is called with a parameter of `0` to reset the allowance of the `locker` contract. However, passing `0` as a parameter to `safeDecreaseAllowance` does not reset the allowance to `0`, resulting in unintended behavior.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `ZivoeDAO` contract utilizes the `safeDecreaseAllowance` function within functions including `push` and `pushMulti` . The intention is to reset the allowance for a `locker` contract (ERC20 token) to `zero` after the `transfer`. However, the function call uses `0`  as the `requestedDecrease` parameter. 
here is the relevant code snippet 
```solidity
  // ZivoeDAO MUST ensure "locker" has 0 allowance before this function concludes.
        if (IERC20(asset).allowance(address(this), locker) > 0) {
 IERC20(asset).safeDecreaseAllowance(locker, 0);
 }
```
but according to OpenZeppelin `SafeERC20` documentation for `safeDecreaseAllowance` the function performs the following steps:

Retrieves the `current allowance` for the `spender` (ZivoeDAO contract) from the `ERC20 `token contract.
Checks if the `current allowance` is less than the `requestedDecrease` value.
If the allowance is insufficient, it `reverts` the transaction.
If there's enough allowance, it `approves` the `spender` (ZivoeDAO contract) with a `new allowance` value calculated as `currentAllowance - requestedDecrease`.
In this case, because `requestedDecrease` is set to 0, the following will occur:

The `current allowance` is retrieved.
The check ` (currentAllowance < requestedDecrease)` will always be` false` because `0` is always less than any positive allowance value.
**The function will not update the allowance and will continue execution.**
As a result, the allowance for the `locker` contract will not be set to `zero ` as intended, potentially leaving some residual allowance that could be exploited in certain scenarios.
here is the code snippet for openzepplin `safeERC20` contract
```solidity
  function safeDecreaseAllowance(IERC20 token, address spender, uint256 requestedDecrease) internal {
        unchecked {
            uint256 currentAllowance = token.allowance(address(this), spender);
            if (currentAllowance < requestedDecrease) {
                revert SafeERC20FailedDecreaseAllowance(spender, currentAllowance, requestedDecrease);
            }
            forceApprove(token, spender, currentAllowance - requestedDecrease);
        }
    }
```

## Impact
It will allow unauthorized spending of tokens which might cause draining of the pool.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeDAO.sol#L246C81-L246C102 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeDAO.sol#L299

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The recommended fix is to modify the code to explicitly set the allowance to zero after the transfer. Here's how to achieve this:
```solidity
IERC20(asset).safeApprove(locker, 0);

```
This approach directly sets the `allowance` for the locker contract (spender) to zero in the ERC20 token contract, ensuring the intended outcome.