Breezy White Poodle

high

# `OCL_ZVE:fetchBasis` the amount can be skewed by make the pool imbalanced, resulting in yield distribution when there is no real gain

## Summary

The `OCL_ZVE:fetchBasis` returns the amount of the `pairAssetBalance` for the LP token. This will be used as `basis` to determine how much yield should be distributed. But it is possible to manipulate this value by swapping in the pool, and make the pool imbalanced. As the reault, even though there was no real yield, some "yield" will be distributed due to inflated `amount`. The "yield" is actually from miscalculation of the value.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `OCL_ZVE:fetchBasis` is calculation the harvestable amount as 
`lp * pairAssetBalance /poolTotalSupply`, where the `pairAssetBalance` is the pairAsset balance of the pool. This can be inflated by bringing the pool into imbalanced position, by swapping the `pairAsset` for the `ZVE`. When the pool is smaller, it is easier to swing the pool.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L336-L342

the returned `amount` from the `fetchBasis` will be used as the basis point to determine how much yield should be distributed via `forwardYield`.

If the returned `amount` is bigger than the stored `basis`, the surplus will be distributed via YDL.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L311-L330

If the `amount` can be inflated, the yield distribution as well.

Here is a scenario how to exploit this:
1. flashloan the `pairAsset`
2. swap the `pairAsset` for `ZVE` in the pool
3. call the `forwardYield`
4. swap back the `ZVE` for the `pairAsset`
5. return the flashloan

## Impact

By sandwiching the `forwardYield` to make the pool's `pairAsset` balance inflated, the attacker can divert the asset as yield.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L336-L342

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L311-L330

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider using different evaluation for the harvestable amount.

