Rural Sandstone Toad

high

# Wrong TotalSupply For `claimAirdrop`

## Summary

The totalSupply at the end of the ITO is not checkpointed.Therefore the airdrop formula is incorrectly distributed based on the current total supply rather than distributing proportionally to the fraction of the senior and junior credits the claimants had.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `claimAirdrop`, the formula for determine how much vested ZVE is given to a user is:

```solidity
creditsOwnedAdjusted * ZVE_totalSupply / TrancheTokenTotalSupplyAdjusted`
```

By "adjusted" I mean the scaling between senior and junior tranches, with seniors being worth 3x more credits.

The total `TrancheTokenTotalSupplyAdjusted` is what is of interest. This constantly changes based on stablecoins deposited into tranches. For example a deposit into the tranche will increase the total supply and thus decrease the airdrop amount and vice versa. 

This means that every user gets drastically different airdrop amounts relative to their credits based on the changing tranche deposits. 

It's important to note that the airdrop can be claimed after migration. After migration, people can still deposit into the tranches and change the total supply.

The correct logic is to record the `totalSupply` when the ITO ends and use that recorded value for the calculations in `claimAirdrop`. That way, claimants get a share of airdrop proportional to the deposits during the ITO (which is correct) rather than proportional to the totalSupply which has changed post-ITO (which is incorrect).

## Impact

The wrong amount of airdrop tokens are distributed to claimants. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L203-L242

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The correct logic is to record the `totalSupply` when the ITO ends and use that recorded value for the calculations in `claimAirdrop`. That way, claimants get a share of airdrop proportional to the deposits during the ITO (which is correct) rather than proportional to the totalSupply which has changed post-ITO (which is incorrect).
