Shiny Carob Raven

high

# Reward rate in ZivoeRewards and ZivoeRewardsVesting can be dragged out and diluted

## Summary

Attackers can keep calling `depositReward(_rewardsToken, 0)` to dilute the rewardRate and drag out the finish time.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `depositReward()` function in `ZivoeRewards` and `ZivoeRewardsVesting` contracts receives a `reward` amount and extends the current reward end time (`periodFinish`) to `now + rewardsDuration`. It rebases the currently remaining rewards plus the new rewards (`reward + leftover`) over this new `rewardsDuration` period.

It should be noted that the `depositReward()` function can be called by anyone. Moreover, the passed-in `reward` can be 0. Thus attackers can simply call `depositReward()` with 0 as the `reward` parameter to dilute the `rewardRate` and drag out the finish time.

Let's use the following scenario to illustrate the point:
1. Imagine the current rewardRate is 1000 rewards / rewardsDuration.
2. 20% of the rewardsDuration passed, i.e., now = lastUpdateTime + 20% * rewardsDuration.
3. An attacker calls depositReward() with a reward of 0.
4. Then the new rewardRate = (reward + leftover) / rewardsDuration = (0 + 800) / rewardsDuration = 800 / rewardsDuration.
5. The rewardRate just dropped by 20%.
6. This can be repeated infinitely.
7. After another 20% of reward time passed, the attacker calls depositReward() again to reduce it by another 20% again:
rewardRate = (0 + 640) / rewardsDuration = 640 / rewardsDuration.

To summary, due to the lack of access control, the `depositReward()` function can be used by malicious users to dilute the reward rate and drag out the reward period.

## Impact

Malicious users can repeatedly call `﻿depositReward(_rewardsToken, 0)` to dilute the reward rate and prolong the reward period, causing staked users to receive fewer reward per time window.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L228-L243
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L352-L367

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It's recommended to restrict the access control for the `depositReward()` to the lockers designed to interact with this function. Additionally, ensure the locker's reward distribution schedule is compatible with the rewardDuration.