Tricky Lavender Porpoise

medium

# Fallback for Insufficient $ZVE Balance creates a race condition

The reward calculation functions `rewardZVEJuniorDeposit` and `rewardZVESeniorDeposit` have a fallback to distribute the remaining $ZVE balance if it's less than the calculated reward. This could lead to unfair incentive distributions if the contract's $ZVE balance is not managed carefully.

**detail**:

- **Reward Calculation**: The functions calculate the reward based on the deposit amount and the current junior-to-senior tranche ratio. The reward amount is determined by a sliding scale defined by `minZVEPerJTTMint`, `maxZVEPerJTTMint`, `lowerRatioIncentiveBIPS`, and `upperRatioIncentiveBIPS`.
    
- **Fallback Mechanism**: [If the calculated reward exceeds the contract's $ZVE balance](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeTranches.sol#L226-L228), the functions fall back to distributing the entire remaining $ZVE balance. This ensures that the contract does not attempt to transfer more tokens than it holds, which would cause the transaction to fail. see here.
    

```js
function rewardZVEJuniorDeposit(uint256 deposit) public view returns (uint256 reward) {

    ...

        reward = avgRate * deposit / 1 ether;

        // Reduce if ZVE balance < reward.
        if (IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ZivoeTranches(GBL).ZVE()).balanceOf(address(this)) < reward) {
            reward = IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ZivoeTranches(GBL).ZVE()).balanceOf(address(this));
        }
    }
```

- **Potential Issues**: This fallback mechanism could lead to a situation where the last depositor receive a smaller reward than expected if the contract's $ZVE balance runs low. Which creates a race condition where users rush and in some cases frontrun each other to deposit before the $ZVE runs out, potentially leading to an unfair distribution of incentives.

**Scenario**

- Assuming the ZivoeTranche contract has only $150 worth of reward, and is rewarding users on a 1:10 exchange basis
- John (attacker) sees Anna's (victim) $1000 deposit transaction in the mem pool, which should guarantee the full $100 worth of reward.
- John also noticed that the contract is low on reward, and can only reward one person's $1000 deposit the full incentive.
- So he frontruns Anna's transaction with his own $1000 deposit, and claims $100 reward.
- Anna's transaction is then processed, but she receives only $50
- Despite depositing as much as John, she is reward 50% less.

**Impact**

If not managed properly, this could impact user trust and the perceived fairness of the incentive mechanism. In an extreme case, an attacker can grief a victim by taking almost all the reward, and leaving a small portion just enough to allow the victims transaction process. Using the example above, John could deposit $1490, and gotten his full share of the reward ($149), but leaving just $1 for Anna.

**Remediation**

It's important for the contract owner or governance to monitor the $ZVE balance and replenish it as needed to maintain the intended incentive structure. But more importantly, transactions with rewards falling short of the expected amount should be reverted to avoid unpleasant surprises, except the depositor explicitly okays it.