Glamorous Cloud Walrus

high

# `ZivoeRewards` User blacklisted for any reward token results in all their rewards becoming unclaimable

## Summary

The `ZivoeRewards` contract supports multiple rewards tokens. But if a user gets blacklisted for any of them, all of their rewards become unclaimable.

## Vulnerability Detail

Users claim their rewards from the `ZivoeRewards` contract by calling `getRewards()`:

```sol
/// @notice Claim rewards for all possible _rewardTokens.
function getRewards() public updateReward(_msgSender()) {
	for (uint256 i = 0; i < rewardTokens.length; i++) { _getRewardAt(i); }
}
```

This function iterates over each configured reward token and calls `_getRewardAt()` for each one. This helper function checks if the user has earned any rewards for that token and if so, attempts to transfer these rewards using `safeTransfer()`. If the user is blacklisted for any reward token, `safeTransfer()` will fail and cause the entire `getRewards()` call to revert.

The contract does not offer a way to claim rewards for individual tokens independently. Consequently, if a user gets blacklisted for any of the reward tokens, all of their rewards become unclaimable and forever stuck in the contract.

Please note that both stZVE (`ZivoeRewards`) and vestZVE (`ZivoeRewardsVesting`) contracts are affected by this vulnerability as they share the same algorithm for distribution of multiple rewards tokens.
## Impact

This vulnerability presents a risk of total loss of access to all earned rewards for affected users, leading to substantial amounts of tokens becoming permanently locked within the contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L281-L295

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L484-L498

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The recommended approach would be to offer a mechanism to claim rewards for individual tokens independently.