Glamorous Cloud Walrus

medium

# `ZivoeRewards` Anyone can prolong the reward distribution time

## Summary

Anyone can prolong the time for reward distribution with as little as 1 wei.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `ZivoeRewards` and `ZivoeRewardsVesting` contracts, rewards are added via the `depositReward()` function and are then distributed to all stakers over a set duration. The distribution rate, or `rewardRate`, is recalculated every time rewards are deposited according to this code:

```sol
// Update vesting accounting for reward (if existing rewards being distributed, increase proportionally).
if (block.timestamp >= rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish) {
	rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
} else {
	uint256 remaining = rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
	uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate);
	rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
}
```

The code shows that if any rewards of `_rewardsToken` are currently being distributed, the `rewardRate` is calculated by interpolating the current `rewardRate` and the reward rate of the new reward being deposited.

We should also note that `depositReward()` has no access control or minimum deposit requirements, which allows anyone to deposit even 1 wei.

Here is how this can be exploited:

**Example scenario:**

- Suppose USDC is configured as a reward token with `rewardsDuration` of 30 days.
- An initial legitimate reward of 100,000 USDC sets the `rewardRate` to:

$$
rewardRate = \frac{100,000e6}{30\ days} = \frac{100,000e6}{2,592,000\ sec.} = 38,580
$$

- 15 days later, a malicious actor deposists just 1 wei of USDC. The new `rewardRate` becomes:

$$
rewardRate = \frac{1\ wei + (15\ days \times 38,580)}{30\ days} = \frac{1 + 49,999,680,000}{2,592,000 sec.} = 19,291
$$

This recalculation effectively halves the speed of the reward distribution. This results in the distribution of only 25,001 USDC over the next days instead of the expected 50,000 USDC:

$$
distributedTokens = 15\ days \times 19,291 = 25,001e6\ USDC 
$$

With a configured `rewardsDuration` of 30 days, a malicious actor can reduce the speed of reward distribution by up to 36% by depositing just 1 wei of rewards daily. The following coded PoC will demonstrate 
this exploit.
### Coded PoC

Add this test to `Test_ZivoeRewards.sol` and add the following import: `import "forge-std/console2.sol";`

Run the PoC with `forge test --mt testRewardsDistributionCanBeSlowedDownByAnyone --fork-url $MAINNET_RPC_URL -vvv`

```sol
    function testRewardsDistributionCanBeSlowedDownByAnyone() public {
        uint256 deposit = 100_000 ether;

        // Stake
        assert(sam.try_approveToken(address(ZVE), address(stZVE), IERC20(address(ZVE)).balanceOf(address(sam))));
        sam.try_stake(address(stZVE), IERC20(address(ZVE)).balanceOf(address(sam)));

        // Deposit rewards (rewardsDuration = 30 days for DAI)
        depositReward_DAI(address(stZVE), deposit);

        // Malicious actor deposits 1 wei every day
        for (uint i; i < 30; i++) {
            hevm.warp(block.timestamp + 1 days);
            depositReward_DAI(address(stZVE), 1 wei);
        }

        // Get rewards
        assert(sam.try_getRewards(address(stZVE)));

        uint256 expected = deposit;
        uint256 actual = IERC20(DAI).balanceOf(address(sam));

        console2.log("Distributed rewards after 30 days");
        console2.log("=================================");
        console2.log("Actual distributed rewards  : %s", actual);
        console2.log("Expected distributed rewards: %s", expected);
    }
```

## Impact

This vulnerability allows a malicious actor to significantly slow down the distribution of rewards by depositing a trivial amount of tokens, potentially disrupting the intended payout schedule. This can lead to stakers receiving their earned rewards much later than expected.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L235-L237

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Depending on the project's needs, different solutions can help to solve this vulnerability. Some possible options:

- Introduce a minimum threshold for deposit amounts to prevent negligible amounts from impacting the reward distribution process.
- Restrict the `depositRewards()` function so that only authorized users or contracts can add rewards.
- Adopt a weighted distribution algorithm that allows reward rate calculation to be proportional to the size of the deposit. This means that smaller deposits will have less impact on the overall reward rate, ensuring that significant changes to the distribution pace require correspondingly large deposits.