Tangy Concrete Chimpanzee

medium

# A malicious actor can reduce the reward rate in ZivoeRewards, depriving stakers of the rewards they rightfully deserve within the same timeframe.

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

ZivoeRewards allows zSTT, zJTT, and ZVE holders to stake their tokens to earn more rewards either by calling `ZivoeRewards::stake()` or getting someone to call `ZivoeRewards::stakeFor()` on their behalf. As a result, users who stake their tokens become liquidity providers (LPs). LPs in ZivoeRewards are also allowed to withdraw their tokens anytime and are rewarded for the time that they kept their tokens in the contract.

**â©â© _This means the time with which the user kept their tokens in the contract is directly proportional to the rewards they get._**

For the reward distribution process to begin, ZVL has to call `ZivoeRewards::addReward()` to add a reward token and reward duration, after which a reward deposit has to, and can happen for a certain amount of rewards to be distributed.

```solidity
     function depositReward(address _rewardsToken, uint256 reward) external updateReward(address(0)) nonReentrant {
        ..............

        if (block.timestamp >= rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish) {
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
>>>>    } else {
            uint256 remaining = rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
            uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate);
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        }

        ..............
    }
```

Since anyone can call the donate rewards to the contract by calling [`ZivoeRewards::depositReward`()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L228C5-L243C6), a serious vulnerability presents itself here. A malicious actor can call the `ZivoeRewards::depositReward()` function to donate a small token value to initiate the recalculation of the rewards to be distributed and reset how long the newly calculated reward will be distributed if the current reward distribution hasn't ended. Since this ties into the reward rate, doing this while a reward distribution is ongoing, the stakers will be entitled to lesser rewards in the same timeframe than when the rewards haven't been deposited. 

_ðŸ›‘ðŸ›‘ This is especially serious because those who are not invested can donate 1 wei of rewards in the contract. This means the cost and barrier of entry for this attack is limited and lax_

**How would this attack play out?**
- ZVL calls `ZivoeReward::addReward()` to add the rewards and set the duration.
- Say 100,000 DAI is to be distributed in 100 days. ZVL then calls `ZivoeReward::depositReward()` accordingly. This effectively means the reward rate is 1000 DAI per day.
- 0n the 98th day, when 97,000 DAI have been distributed, a malicious actor calls `ZivoeReward::depositReward()` with 1wei of DAI, because the reward period for the previous reward deposit has not ended, the leftover is aggregated to the new deposit, in this case (1 + 3000e18). According to the calculation, this is to be shared over the reward duration, which was initially set to 100 days. The reward rate changes from 1000 DAI per day to 30 DAI per day ((3000e18 + 1) / 100), a 97% reduction from the previous value.

## Impact

The users are entitled to lesser rewards over the same period than they would have been entitled to. Over 100 days, the users are entitled to 100,000 DAI, but they are now entitled to 97,090(97000 DAI + (30 DAI * 3 days)), losing out on 2,910 DAI in 3 days. 

## Code Snippet

```solidity
        function depositReward(address _rewardsToken, uint256 reward) external updateReward(address(0)) nonReentrant {
        IERC20(_rewardsToken).safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), reward);

        if (block.timestamp >= rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish) {
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        } else {
            uint256 remaining = rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
            uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate);
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        }

        rewardData[_rewardsToken].lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
        rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish = block.timestamp.add(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        emit RewardDeposited(_rewardsToken, reward, _msgSender());
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review & Foundry Testing

## Recommendation
1. Use a weighting system determined by which is more, leftover or the new deposit and these weights are used in calculating the new reward rate.
2. New reward deposits should only be accepted if the current distribution is exhausted.