Cheery Gingerbread Mallard

medium

# Malicious user can continuously extend the finish period of a reward token and cause reward dilution for other legit users of the Zivoe reward system.

## Summary
A malicious user can make empty rewards deposits into the `ZivoeRewards` contract for a rewardToken to extend the periodFinish of that rewardToken continuously. This would dilute the reward for every other user of the ZivoeReward contract. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Users can stake tokens in the `ZivoeRewards` contract to earn reward yields from reward tokens in the contract. Rewards are deposited in the form of reward tokens through `ZivoeRewards.depositReward`. The `rewardRate` of that token is calculated based on the `rewardDuration` of the token (realistically 30 days), and the amount of reward deposited into the contract. This reward amount is expected to be distributed over the reward duration. On reward deposit, the `periodFinish` indicates when the reward distribution is expected to be completed. This is set as the current block.timestamp at deposit + rewardDuration

```solidity
 function depositReward(address _rewardsToken, uint256 reward) external updateReward(address(0)) nonReentrant {
        IERC20(_rewardsToken).safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), reward);

        // Update vesting accounting for reward (if existing rewards being distributed, increase proportionally).
        if (block.timestamp >= rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish) {
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        } else {
 @>           uint256 remaining = rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
 @>           uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate);
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        }

        rewardData[_rewardsToken].lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
  @>      rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish = block.timestamp.add(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        emit RewardDeposited(_rewardsToken, reward, _msgSender());
    }
```
Note that this function is open to any user and can be called by any user of the system. Additionally, there is no check for 0 amount reward deposits. 
## Impact
If a reward of 100e18 tokens has been deposited by a legit contract with a duration of 30 days, a malicious user can make 0 amount deposits (after every 10 days for example) to stretch out the reward distribution of that token. For every iteration the user does this, the rewardRate decreases. Also, the periodFinish for reward distribution is reset an extra 30 days. So we may consider that in some scenarios, that reward may never get completely distributed. 
This would cause legit grief to normal users and/or external protocol or contract systems who stake in the system and rely on seamless distribution of rewards. Essentially, this means that protocol users would be required to wait very long times for their rewards to finish distribution. This period can extend as long as the griefing user intends.
The only mitigation in such scenarios would be for the protocol to deposit another reward to reset the rewardRate or update the reward duration to be shorter. The user if sufficiently motivated can still grief these solutions and break core protocol functionality of seamless reward distribution.

## Proof of Concept
If we consider a scenario where a system contract for example the ZivoeLocker has deposited a reward of 100e18 tokens to be distributed to stakers over a duration of 30 days.
Here the rewardRate would be `3.858e13` and the periodFinish would be set as block.timestamp +30 days.
After 10 days, the malicious user can make 0 reward deposit for that token into the contract. The periodFinish is therefore reset as block.timestamp + 30 days which would essentially means a longer reward duration of 40 days total. 
The new rewardRate is calculated from the old rewardRate based on the time which have passed.
```solidity
 function depositReward(address _rewardsToken, uint256 reward) external updateReward(address(0)) nonReentrant {
.....................................
else {
            uint256 remaining = rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
            uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate);
@>      rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
.....................................
        }
```
The new rewardRate would be`2.572e13` to be distributed over the new extended duration of 30 days. Now users would get less rewards for the originally remaining 20 days of distribution. They would have to wait for the full 30 days (now 40 days) to complete to get their complete rewards. 
The malicious user can repeat this process every number of days, extending the reward duration each time and causing grief to users and the protocol.

Please kindly request for a coded poc if this concept is not sufficiently understood.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L241
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L233-L237
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Allow only trusted contracts or users to deposit rewards into the `ZivoeRewards` contract. This is a faster mitigation
```diff
function depositReward(address _rewardsToken, uint256 reward) external updateReward(address(0)) nonReentrant {
+.     if(!isTrustedRewardDepositor(msg sender()) ! revert();
        IERC20(_rewardsToken).safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), reward);
     
```
2. Additionally, a more complex method would be to have this reward first deposited in another contract (such as the ZivoeLocker), and the rewards are transferredfrom there into the `ZivoeRewards` contract. This should ensure proper accounting of rewards and mitigate this vulnerability. 
Note that this second method is what is used by the Uniswap foundation's Unistaker contract to prevent this same vulnerability. https://github.com/uniswapfoundation/UniStaker/blob/a42414d988740c67cf3ba2d85362a043eb45b966/src/UniStaker.sol#L602-L611

- Additionally, consider preventing 0 amount rewards deposits.