Curved Zinc Scallop

medium

# Users could lose all rewards if they get blacklisted in one of the reward tokens

## Summary

In both `ZivoeRewards` and `ZivoeRewardsVesting`, users can potentially be blocked from claiming their accumulated rewards using the `getRewards()` function if they get blacklisted in one of the reward tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

In both `ZivoeRewards` and `ZivoeRewardsVesting` contracts, users are eligible to claim rewards after staking their tokens. To claim their accumulated rewards, they must call the `getRewards()` function below:

```solidity
function getRewards() public updateReward(_msgSender()) {
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < rewardTokens.length; i++) {
        _getRewardAt(i);
    }
}
```

The function loops over all the reward tokens and calls `_getRewardAt` for each one of them:

```solidity
function _getRewardAt(uint256 index) internal nonReentrant {
    address _rewardsToken = rewardTokens[index];
    uint256 reward = rewards[_msgSender()][_rewardsToken];
    if (reward > 0) {
        rewards[_msgSender()][_rewardsToken] = 0;
        //@audit User will lose all rewards if they get blacklisted in a token.
        IERC20(_rewardsToken).safeTransfer(_msgSender(), reward);
        emit RewardDistributed(_msgSender(), _rewardsToken, reward);
    }
}
```

As it can be seen, `_getRewardAt` will attempt to transfer the earned reward to the user.

The issue that can occur here is if the user gets blacklisted in one of the rewards tokens (for example, USDC). Because `getRewards()` will loop over all the reward tokens and try to transfer each one of them, it will try to transfer USDC rewards to the user, but this will revert (as the user is blacklisted), which will make the whole `getRewards()` call revert, blocking the user from claiming their rewards from the other reward tokens. All the user rewards will be stuck in the contract (unless they get removed from the blacklist), resulting in a financial loss for the user.

## Impact

If a user gets blacklisted in one of the reward tokens, then they will not be able to claim any of the other rewards they have accumulated, as `getRewards()` will always revert.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L280-L295

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L484-L498

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this issue, there are two possible options:

- Add a `getReward` function which allows users to claim each reward token independently.

- Use a try-catch block when transferring reward tokens in `getRewards()`.
