Breezy White Poodle

medium

# The usage of `totalSupply()` of tokens may introduce some issues with calculating the amount to vest when `ZivoeITO.claimAirdrop()` is called

## Summary

The function `ZivoeITO.claimAirdrop()` is using `totalSupply()` of `zSTT` and `zJTT` to calculate the amount of airdropped $ZVE that should be vested, which may be an issue.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a user claims their airdrop of $ZVE that are vested after ITO (Initial Tranche Offering) concluded, they call the function `ZivoeITO.claimAirdrop()`.

However `ZivoeITO.claimAirdrop()` is using `totalSupply()` of `zSTT` and `zJTT` (Senior and Junior Tranche Token) on line 226-227 in `ZivoeITO.sol`, which can be manipulated by a malicious user to grief other liquidity providers.

Note that `ZivoeITO.claimAirdrop()` may be called by anybody for any liquidity provider (`depositor`) (see line 203 ZivoeITO.sol). This may make a griefing attack even easier for a malicious user.

The malicious user may execute the following steps:

1. Increase the totalSupply of Senior or Junior Tranche Tokens so that `lower` is higher (line 226 ZivoeITO.sol). The attacker can do that by calling `ZivoeTranches.depositJunior()` or `ZivoeTranches.depositSenior()` which mints Junior or Senior Tranche tokens to increase their totalSupply.

1. Then the attacker calls `ZivoeITO.claimAirdrop()` for other victim `depositors` to grief them.

1. As a result the amount to vest for the victims will be smaller due to the division by `lower` (line 237 ZivoeITO.sol). `lower` as shown above depends on the totalSupply of `zSTT` and `sJTT`.

Note that it doesn't necessarily need an attacker to do that. It may also just happen that victims receive a smaller amount to vest:

1. Any normal user that is not an attacker calls `ZivoeTranches.depositJunior()` or `ZivoeTranches.depositSenior()` before a victim claims their airdrop.

1. Now as a result when victims are calling `claimAirdrop()` they will receive a smaller amount to vest due to the higher supply of Junior or Senior Tranche Tokens.


## Impact

The amount vested for liquidity providers that participated in the ITO may be manipulated by a malicious attacker. Also as shown above it doesn't necessarily need an attacker, and even a normal user may cause other users to receive a smaller amount of vested $ZVE tokens.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L226-L237

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeTranches.sol#L288

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeTranches.sol#L314

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider not using totalSupply of tranche tokens to determine the value of `lower` (line 237 ZivoeITO.sol). Instead consider using a snapshot value of totalSupply of tranche token which is taken at the end of the ITO.
