Fancy Burlap Mouse

medium

# Attacker can nullify rewards in ZivoeRewards and ZivoeRewardsVesting

## Summary
Attacker can continously call depositReward in ZivoeRewards and ZivoeRewardsVesting to nullify staking rewards. 

## Vulnerability Detail
In ZivoeRewards and ZivoeRewardsVesting any user can deposit rewards using `depositReward` at any time. In the function the `periodFinish` is set to `block.timestamp + rewardDuration`.
```solidity
    function depositReward(address _rewardsToken, uint256 reward) external updateReward(address(0)) nonReentrant {
        ....
        rewardData[_rewardsToken].lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
        rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish = block.timestamp.add(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        emit RewardDeposited(_rewardsToken, reward, _msgSender());
    }
```
Added rewards are to be distributed in the rewardsDuration of the particular reward. So every time rewards are added, the `periodFinish` is set to `block.timestamp + rewardDuration`.  But due to this every time the same reward is added, previously added tokens distribution time is also increased. 

Consider this scenario
Lets say 30 USDC are added as rewards. Let the rewardsDuration of USDC token be 30 days. So for users who have stake in this period should be rewarded with 30 USDC. 

Now if the attacker calls `depositReward` with 0 USDC after 15 days, the periodFinish will become  45 days. This results in previous 30 USDC + 0 USDC will be distributed in 45 days and not 30 days. So for the last 15 days the rewards will only be 7.5 USDC.  Now if any users unstakes at end of 30 days, he will only get  15 + 7.5  = 22.5 USDC (75%) rewards.  Attacker can maximize the effect if repeats the same process everyday from the first day. 

## Impact
Users will lose staking rewards

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L228
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L352

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a queue for deposits and owner should execute all the deposits in queue every 30 days 