Furry Sepia Condor

medium

# A user can split up their junior deposit into smaller portions to extract maximum `maxBonusIncentive` value

## Summary
A user can split up their junior deposit into smaller portions to extract maximum `maxBonusIncentive` value
## Vulnerability Detail
Let's examine how incentives are assigned when a user [wants to deposit into the Junior Tranche](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeTranches.sol#L211-L221):

```solidity
    uint256 startRatio = juniorSupp * BIPS / seniorSupp;
    uint256 finalRatio = (juniorSupp + deposit) * BIPS / seniorSupp;
    uint256 avgRatio = (startRatio + finalRatio) / 2;

    if (avgRatio <= lowerRatioIncentiveBIPS) {
        avgRate = maxZVEPerJTTMint;
    } else if (avgRatio >= upperRatioIncentiveBIPS) {
        avgRate = minZVEPerJTTMint;
    } else {
        avgRate = maxZVEPerJTTMint - diffRate * (avgRatio - lowerRatioIncentiveBIPS) / (upperRatioIncentiveBIPS - lowerRatioIncentiveBIPS);
    }
```

The `avgRatio` variable consists of the start and final ratio divided by 2. The `finalRatio` variable contains the user's deposit amount. Later, if the `avgRatio <= lowerRatioIncentiveBIPS`, the user will be assigned the max incentive, or, the `maxZVEPerJTTMint` variable.

In this case though, a user can split up their full deposit into smaller portions in order to extract the maximum value of bonus incentives. Example:

1. If Alice deposits 500e18 tokens, her `avgRatio` will go above the `upperRatioIncentiveBIPS` threshold and she will be assigned the minimum bonus incentive
2. But if Alice splits up her 500e18 deposit into, say, 10 transactions of 50e18 each, depending on where the threshold is, she can for example receive the `maxZVEPerJTTMint` bonus incentive for 80% of her deposited amount, and the lower bonus for the rest

It is counter-intuitive for users to split up their full deposits into smaller portions and the code should not give advantage to those that do. The average user does not open up the code, nor tries to understand it. It is unexpected behavior to gain more rewards if you split your deposit compared to depositing the full amount.

## Impact
User that understands the code logic will be able to extract maximum value from bonus incentives compared to the average user, which is unfair.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
    uint256 startRatio = juniorSupp * BIPS / seniorSupp;
    uint256 finalRatio = (juniorSupp + deposit) * BIPS / seniorSupp;
    uint256 avgRatio = (startRatio + finalRatio) / 2;

    if (avgRatio <= lowerRatioIncentiveBIPS) {
        avgRate = maxZVEPerJTTMint;
    } else if (avgRatio >= upperRatioIncentiveBIPS) {
        avgRate = minZVEPerJTTMint;
    } else {
        avgRate = maxZVEPerJTTMint - diffRate * (avgRatio - lowerRatioIncentiveBIPS) / (upperRatioIncentiveBIPS - lowerRatioIncentiveBIPS);
    }
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Refactor the incentives so that users are always rewarded the same amount regardless of splitting up their deposits into portions or not.