Sleepy Fuzzy Pig

high

# Borrowers can avoid paying interest and maybe late fee by combining their loans

## Summary
Borrowers can avoid paying interest and maybe late fee by combining their loans.
## Vulnerability Detail
The combine of loans need the ```LoanState is Active```. It means interest has not been paid fully.
If a borrower takes out two 364-day loans and applies for combining on day 363, they will not have to pay interest for the previous term if the cmbine of loans is approved and applied.
Since underwriter is trusted, underwriter maybe won't let this thing happen. But from the view of smart contract, the combine of loans need the ```LoanState is Active```. So interest has not been paid fully. Once the combine of loans is applied, the new loans paymentDueBy will be ```block.timestamp - block.timestamp % 7 days + 9 days + paymentInterval```. Borrowers don't have to pay the interest that accrued before.
If the loan is in the grace period，loans still can be combined just before expire to apply combining. The time of applying must be before the end of grace period. In this case, the borrower can avoid paying interest and late fee.
## Impact
The protocol lends money to someone for a certain period of time without charging interest and leads to a decline in interest earnings.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L742-L808
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L877-L905
## Tool used
manual and foundry
## Recommendation
Add a time limit to combining loan, like ```paymentDueBy - time of combining loan >= paymentInterval - 5days```.
To be honest, this is not a good idea. And it's just a suggestion, and the specific implementation needs to be carefully considered.