Rural Sandstone Toad

high

# Late Fees Are Charged Multiple Times Over Payment Intervals

## Summary

When a loan is overdue, and the overdue duration spans over multiple payment intervals, their late fees are overcharged.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `OCCModular#amountOwed`, the `lateFee` is scaled based on `(block.timestamp - loans[id].paymentDueBy)`. therefore, after the first repayment, the payer has completely payed for all the late fees from the `paymentDueBy` to the current timestamp. We should not expect the user to have to pay any more late fees for the period between the past `paymentDueBy` to now (`block.timestamp`)

After this payment, `paymentDueBy` is increased by the `paymentInterval`. The problem arises when the new `paymentDueBy` is before `block.timestamp`.  This occurs when the lateness of the payment spans multiple payment intervals. This case is expected to happen as shown by [the documentation](https://docs.zivoe.com/user-docs/borrowers/how-do-defaults-work):

> In some cases, the grace period may be longer than the payment interval, and the borrower may miss several loan payments before a loan enters default. 

In this case, when the borrower call `processPayment` again, they still are charged from the `lateFees` from the new `paymentDueBy` to `block.timestamp`, even though those late fees were already paid. As a result, the borrower has to pay multiple times what of the `lateFee` they actually owe.

## Impact

The borrower has to pay multiple times what of the `lateFee` they actually owe if their repayment is later by more than 1 payment interval.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L451-L454

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

When the new payment period is not after `block.timestamp`, only late fee up to the next payment period. The rest of the late fees can be charged when the borrower repays the other late payment intervals.
