Wonderful Ebony Finch

medium

# Distribution of `ZVE` Tokens to ITO users is not supplied as intended by the protocol.

## Summary
The intention of the protocol is to distribute `5%` of ZVETokens to ITO users. However, because the distribution formula is wrong, the supply is less than the `5%` intended by the protocol.
## Vulnerability Detail
As intended by the protocol, ITO users vest their `ZVE` Tokens in `ZivoeRewardsVesting` for a certain period of time.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L203-L242
As you can see, the amount of ZVE Tokens vested can be calculated using the formula below.
```solidity
    amount = (zveTotalSupply / 20) * (seniorCreditsOwned + juniorCreditsOwned) / 
    (zSTTTotalSupply * 3 zJTTTotalSupply)
```
Now you can consider the following scenario:
1) During the ITO period, 500 and 1,500 `zJTT` and `zSTT` tokens are minted, respectively.
2) Now, due to various factors, 300 and 750 `zJTT` and `zSTT` tokens are minted in `zveTranches` before calling `claimAirdrop()`.
3) According to the above calculation formula, the number of `ZVE` Tokens for each token is as follows.
(500)/(500 + 1500 * 3 + 300 + 750) * (zveTotalSupply/20), (1500 * 3)/(500 + 1500 * 3 + 300 + 750) * (zveTotalSupply/20)
But this is not what the protocol intended. What the protocol intends is the calculation below.
(500)/(500 + 1500 * 3) * (zveTotalSupply/20), (1500 * 3)/(500 + 1500 * 3) * (zveTotalSupply/20)
The basis cause of the problem is that when calculating the denominator, the number of `zJTT` and `zSTT` tokens is calculated using `totalSupply()`.
## Impact
`ZVE` Token supply to ITO users does not work as intended by the protocol.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L203-L242
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Create tracking variables for minted `zSTT` and `zJTT` tokens in `ZivoeITO.sol`, increase them each time they are minted, and then use them in the `claimAirdrop()` function.