Clumsy Cobalt Lion

high

# `revokeVestingSchedule()` decreases the `_totalSupply` with more than needed

## Summary
Inside `revokeVestingSchedule` the `vestingAmount` is subtracted from the `_totalSupply`. `vestingAmount` stores the whole vested amount which means if there were some withdraws before, the `_totalSupply` will be decreased more than necessary.

## Vulnerability Detail
`revokeVestingSchedule` is used to cancel vesting and can be called any time after the vesting has started. The function cancels the vesting and sends the user his staking amount. The function can be called after the user has withdrawn part of his amount with `withdraw` and by calling `revokeVestingSchedule` the vesting should be revoked and the user should get the rest of his amount.
 
There is a problem with what amount is decreased from the `_totalSupply`. When withdrawing, whether via `withdraw` or `revokeVestingSchedule`, the `_totalSupply` should be decreased with the withdrawn amount. Inside `revokeVestingSchedule` the `vestingAmount` is subtracted from the `_totalSupply`. `vestingAmount` stores the whole vested amount which means if there were some withdraws before, the `_totalSupply` will be decreased with more than necessary.
 
```js
uint256 vestingAmount = vestingScheduleOf[account].totalVesting;
_totalSupply = _totalSupply.sub(vestingAmount);
```

## Impact
`_totalSupply` is used in rewards calculation and rewardPerToken will return wrong value.
Also the last person would be unable to withdraw because there won't be enough in `_totalSupply` which will cause a revert.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L429-L467

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
```diff
- _totalSupply = _totalSupply.sub(vestingAmount);
+ _totalSupply = _totalSupply.sub(amount);
```
