Shiny Carob Raven

high

# `ZivoeRewardsVesting.revokeVestingSchedule()` leaves phantom voting powers for the revoked account

## Summary

The revokeVestingSchedule() function in the ZivoeRewardsVesting contract (i.e. vestZVE) does not remove all the voting power from the account, resulting in the account having phantom voting powers in DAO governance.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a team member were to leave the project, the ZVL (admin role) would call the `revokeVestingSchedule()` function from the ZivoeRewardsVesting (i.e. vestZVE) contract to transfer their withdrawable vesting amount to them and stop their vesting schedule.

```solidity
    function revokeVestingSchedule(address account) external updateReward(account) onlyZVLOrITO nonReentrant {
       ...
        
        uint256 amount = amountWithdrawable(account);
       
         ...

        _writeCheckpoint(_totalSupplyCheckpoints, _subtract, vestingAmount);
        _writeCheckpoint(_checkpoints[account], _subtract, amount);
        
        ...
    }
```

However, the function does not correctly update the voting power. `revokeVestingSchedule()` only subtracts the withdrawable `amount` from the account's voting powers (`_checkpoints[account]`), leaving it with all the unlocked vesting amount as phantom voting powers. By saying phantom voting power, I mean this account has voting power in vestZVE even if they don't have any $ZVE vested in the contract.

Let's use a example to make it more concrete:
1. Assume the team creates a 100-day vesting schedule of 10000 $ZVE tokens for its team member Bob. This gives Bob 10000 voting powers.
2. After 20 days, Bob calls withdraw(), which unlocks 2000 $ZVE tokens to Bob. Bob now has 8000 voting power.
3. At day 50, Bob decides to leave the team, and the ZVL calls `revokeVestingSchedule(bob)`.  The withdrawable `amount` in the function is 3000, the `_writeCheckpoint(_checkpoints[account], _subtract, amount)` line removes 3000 voting powers from Bob, but actually 8000 voting powers should be removed from Bob.
4. Bob now has 5000 phantom voting powers in the vestZVE contract!
5. The earlier the revokeVestingSchedule function is called, the more phantom voting powers Bob will get.


```solidity
    function _getVotes(
        address account,
        uint256 blockNumber,
        bytes memory /*params*/
    ) internal view virtual override(Governor, GovernorVotes) returns (uint256) {
        return token.getPastVotes(account, blockNumber) + 
            IZivoeRewardsVesting_ZVG(IZivoeGlobals_ZVG(GBL).vestZVE()).getPastVotes(account, blockNumber) +
            IZivoeRewards_ZVG(IZivoeGlobals_ZVG(GBL).stZVE()).getPastVotes(account, blockNumber);
    }
```
Seen from the above `_getVotes()` function in the `ZivoeGovernorV2` contract, it should be noted that the voting power in vestZVE can be used in DAO governance.
Therefore if an account has phantom voting powers, they might use it in bad ways during DAO governance, which could be a big problem.

## Impact

`revokeVestingSchedule()` leaves the revoked account with phantom voting powers, which can be used in DAO governance.

This issue should not be taken lightly just because the `revokeVestingSchedule()` can only be called by ZVL or ITO, since it's the team's standard procedure to call `revokeVestingSchedule()` to revoke the vesting schedule of a team member if the member decide to leave the project (known by communicating with the team in Discord private channel). In that case, the leaved member will have phantom voting powers that can be used in DAO governance.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L429C1-L467C6
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeGovernorV2.sol#L144C1-L152C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Subtract the correct number of voting powers in `revokeVestingSchedule()`:
```diff
- _writeCheckpoint(_checkpoints[account], _subtract, amount);
+ _writeCheckpoint(_checkpoints[account], _subtract, _balances[account]);
```