Faint Berry Gecko

high

# ZivoeRewardsVesting's totalSupply breaks when a user's vesting schedule is revoked

## Summary
When a user's vesting schedule is revoked, it removes more tokens from `totalSupply` than it should causing the reward token distribution to be flawed.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a vesting schedule is revoked it subtracts `vestingAmount` from `totalSupply`, where `vestingAmount` is the total amount of tokens that are assigned to the user:

```sol
    /// @notice Ends vesting schedule for a given account (if revokable).
    /// @param  account The acount to revoke a vesting schedule for.
    function revokeVestingSchedule(address account) external updateReward(account) onlyZVLOrITO nonReentrant {
        // ...
        uint256 vestingAmount = vestingScheduleOf[account].totalVesting;
        // ...
        _totalSupply = _totalSupply.sub(vestingAmount);
}
```

When a user withdraws any of their already vested tokens, the contract also subtracts those from the `totalSupply`:

```sol
    /// @notice Withdraws the available amount of stakingToken from this contract.
    function withdraw() public nonReentrant updateReward(_msgSender()) {
        uint256 amount = amountWithdrawable(_msgSender());
        // ...

        _totalSupply = _totalSupply.sub(amount);
        // ...
    }
```

So given that a user is assigned 100 tokens that are vested after 100 days:
- totalSupply = 100
- totalVesting = 100

After 25 days, the user withdraws all the available tokens:
- totalSupply = 75
- totalVesting = 100

After that, the admin decides to revoke the user's token allocation. It will subtract `totalVesting` from `totalSupply`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L451
- totalSupply = -25
- totalVesting = 0

If there are no other users, the tx will just fail because `totalSupply` will underflow. Otherwise, `totalSupply` will just be lower than it should be causing everybody to be assigned more reward tokens than they should. That in turn will mean, that the contracts rewards more tokens than it actually has. So whoever claims first will receive reward tokens while the people that come last will get nothing.

This will be an issue the first time that an admin revokes a token allocation that was already partially claimed.

## Impact
An admin revoking a user's token allocation will cause the whole reward token distribution to be flawed.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L501
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L429
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Subtract `totalVesting - totalWithdrawn`
