Clumsy Hotpink Elk

medium

# Reentrancy Vulnerability in `withdraw()

## Summary

The withdraw() function is vulnerable to a reentrancy attack. This occurs when an external contract called by the vulnerable contract takes control over the execution and calls back into the vulnerable function.

## Vulnerability Detail

In this case, execution control might be handed over to another contract via the stakingToken.safeTransfer() function before the state changes have been fully applied. If called again, it could result in undesirable behavior. 

## Impact

The fundamental reason is that the actual transfer of tokens (stakingToken.safeTransfer()) is done after several state changes (vestingScheduleOf[_msgSender()].totalWithdrawn += amount;, vestingTokenAllocated -= amount;, etc.), but before all the state changes are completely done, which could make the contract state inconsistent.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L505-L515

``` solidity
vestingScheduleOf[_msgSender()].totalWithdrawn += amount;
vestingTokenAllocated -= amount;

_totalSupply = _totalSupply.sub(amount);
_writeCheckpoint(_totalSupplyCheckpoints, _subtract, amount);
_writeCheckpoint(_checkpoints[_msgSender()], _subtract, amount);
_balances[_msgSender()] = _balances[_msgSender()].sub(amount);
stakingToken.safeTransfer(_msgSender(), amount);
``` 

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Make sure that state changes are performed either before calling external contracts or make use of a mutex to prevent the recursive calls. 

A simple and effective pattern is the Checked-Effects Interaction Pattern, where all the necessary state changes are made before calling other contracts. In the case of this function, you should fully adjust the state before the stakingToken.safeTransfer() function. Notice that while the nonReentrant modifier from the OpenZeppelin library is used, it is still necessary to follow the good practice of ordering the statements concerning state variables and external contract calls correctly. 

The refactored function would look like this:

``` solidity
vestingScheduleOf[_msgSender()].totalWithdrawn += amount;
vestingTokenAllocated -= amount;

_totalSupply = _totalSupply.sub(amount);
_writeCheckpoint(_totalSupplyCheckpoints, _subtract, amount);
_writeCheckpoint(_checkpoints[_msgSender()], _subtract, amount);
_balances[_msgSender()] = _balances[_msgSender()].sub(amount);

IERC20 stakingTokenInstance = stakingToken;
stakingTokenInstance.safeTransfer(_msgSender(), amount);
```

