Gorgeous Tortilla Haddock

medium

# [ZivoeDAO.sol] - Reentrancy Risks in External Contract Interactions

## Summary
`ZivoeDAO's` current implementation does not adequately guard against reentrancy in its interactions with external locker contracts, presenting a risk of reentrancy attacks.

## Vulnerability Detail
During operations that migrate assets between the DAO and external lockers, such as `pullFromLockerERC1155`, the contract invokes external contracts without reentrancy protection. This absence of safeguard measures leaves the door open for malicious contracts to execute reentrant calls, potentially leading to state inconsistencies or unauthorized asset movements.

## Impact
If exploited, reentrancy attacks could severely disrupt the intended logic of `ZivoeDAO`, leading to unauthorized actions such as asset duplication or wrongful transfer of assets out of the DAO, ultimately compromising the integrity and security of the DAO's assets.

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeDAO.sol#L464)
```solidity
ILocker_DAO(locker).pullFromLockerERC1155(asset, ids, amounts, data);
// Potential reentrancy if locker makes a reentrant call in the pull operation

```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Integrate OpenZeppelin's `ReentrancyGuard` to safeguard against reentrancy. Specifically, the nonReentrant modifier should be applied to all public and external functions that interact with external contracts or modify contract states. This approach ensures that functions cannot be re-entered while they are still executing, thus mitigating the risk of reentrancy attacks.

### Code Snippet for Recommendation
First, ensure that `ZivoeDAO` inherits from `ReentrancyGuard`:
```solidity
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/security/ReentrancyGuard.sol";

contract ZivoeDAO is ERC1155Holder, ERC721Holder, OwnableLocked, ReentrancyGuard {
    // Contract implementation
}
```

Then, apply the nonReentrant modifier to vulnerable functions:
```solidity
function pullFromLockerERC1155(
    address locker,
    address asset,
    uint256[] calldata ids,
    uint256[] calldata amounts,
    bytes calldata data
) external onlyOwner nonReentrant {
    ILocker_DAO(locker).pullFromLockerERC1155(asset, ids, amounts, data);
}
```
By adopting these recommendations, ZivoeDAO will significantly reduce the risk associated with reentrancy vulnerabilities, ensuring more secure interactions with external contracts and the safeguarding of assets under its management.
