Gorgeous Tortilla Haddock

high

# [OCC_Modular] - Mitigating Reentrancy Risks in Contract Transactions

## Summary
The `OCC_Modular` contract includes several external calls that interact with **ERC20** tokens and potentially other contracts within its ecosystem. While some methods employ the nonReentrant modifier from OpenZeppelin's `ReentrancyGuard` to mitigate reentrancy attacks, the contract's comprehensive interaction pattern necessitates a thorough audit to ensure that all external calls are appropriately safeguarded.

## Vulnerability Detail
External calls, such as those within `makePayment`, `callLoan`, `processPayment`, and `resolveDefault`, introduce reentrancy risks. These functions handle significant state changes and financial transfers. Even with `nonReentrant` protection, it's crucial to guarantee that all transaction paths that lead to state modifications or asset transfers are meticulously protected against reentrancy attacks.

The contract's failure to rigorously validate all external interactions for reentrancy vulnerabilities could potentially allow attackers to execute unintended contract logic, including unauthorized withdrawals or manipulation of loan states.

## Impact
Exploiting reentrancy vulnerabilities might enable attackers to withdraw funds repeatedly before the contract state is updated, leading to financial losses. It could also allow unauthorized state changes in loan terms or statuses, disrupting the integrity and trust in the lending platform.

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment for `makePayment` function [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L575-L602
)
```solidity
function makePayment(uint256 id) external nonReentrant {
    // Omitted: Validation and state changes

    // External call to ERC20 token that could potentially be exploited
    IERC20(stablecoin).safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), owner(), principalOwed);

    // State changes after the external call pose a reentrancy risk
    loans[id].principalOwed -= principalOwed;
    loans[id].paymentsRemaining -= 1;
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate potential reentrancy attacks, consider the following strategies:

- Enforce Checks-Effects-Interactions Pattern: Always update the contract's state (checks and effects) before interacting with external contracts or transferring assets (interactions). This pattern minimizes the attack surface for reentrancy vulnerabilities.
- Review and Apply nonReentrant Modifier: Ensure the nonReentrant modifier is applied to all public and external functions that make external calls or transfer assets. This modifier should be used judiciously to protect functions that could be vulnerable to reentrancy.

A comprehensive security audit is recommended to identify and address all potential reentrancy issues across the contract, ensuring robust protection against these types of attacks.