Crazy Walnut Caribou

high

# Users can keep a loan longer than expected and avoid paying interest by refinancing.

## Summary
This attack allows Alice to avoid paying interest effectively by exploiting the refinancing terms. Similarly, users can reduce interest payments by refinancing loans from amortization to bullet schedules.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let’s assume, a offer is created for alice by underwriter where alice’s loanid = 1,  paymentInterval = 86400 * 364, gracePeriod = 7 days, paymentSchedule = 0(bullet), term = 1 i.e paymentsRemaining =1.

2. Alice calls the function acceptOffer with loanid =1, now loans[1].paymentDueBy is set to 1 year later i.e assume current timestamp = january,2024, so loans[1].paymentDueBy = january, 2025.

3. In February  2024 , Alice wants to refinance the loanid 1( wants to refinance - term,  paymentSchedule). So conversionToAmortization[1] is set to true and extensions[id] is set to 3 by the underwriter for loanid =1.

4. Before attacking let’s see  how the amountOwed function works? In amountOwed function if paymentSchedule is 0(bullet), then paymentsRemaining must be 1, if   paymentsRemaining is 1 then total principle is returned for the bullet loan but if paymentsRemaining is other than 1 for the bullet loan , then by default principle is returned to 0.

5. How does Alice attack?Alice calls the function applyExtension with loanid 1. So now loans[1].paymentsRemaining = 4,  loans[1].term = 4.

6. now(in february 2024) alice calls the function makePayment with loanid 1 which calls the amountOwed function, as paymentSchedule is 0 and loans[1].paymentsRemaining = 4(which is other than 1), so the amountOwed function returns principle = 0, interest = 0.

7. See function makePayment, as loans[1].paymentsRemaining is not equal to 1, so  loans[1].paymentDueBy has increased 1 year i.e loans[1].paymentDueBy is set to february 2026. Now loans[1].principalOwed is the same and loans[1].paymentsRemaining is 3.

8. Alice again calls the function makePayment with loanid 1,  loans[1].paymentDueBy is set to february 2027. Now loans[1].principalOwed is the same and loans[1].paymentsRemaining is 2.

9. After That, Alice again calls the function makePayment with loanid 1,  loans[1].paymentDueBy is set to february 2028. Now loans[1].principalOwed is the same and loans[1].paymentsRemaining is 1.

10. See the amountOwed function, when calculating interest rate, it only takes paymentInterval duration, so she will only pay one year’s interest rate which is unfair 

11. Before February 2028, alice’s loanid 1 can’t be defaulted as loans[1].paymentDueBy is set to february 2028.

Similarly, users can give less interest by refinancing a loan from amortization to bullet.

## Impact
Users can keep a loan longer than expected and avoid paying interest by refinancing.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L445
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
remove loans[id].paymentsRemaining == 1