Melodic Pineapple Mink

high

# Lack of Access Control in the burn Function which can lead to unauthorized burning of tokens

## Summary
The vulnerability lies in the `burn` function of the `ZivoeToken` contract, where there is a lack of proper access control. This allows any user to initiate token burns without the need for proper authorization. As a result, unauthorized token burns can occur, leading to potential loss of token value, disruption of the token ecosystem, and loss of trust among users. To address this vulnerability, it is recommended to implement appropriate access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized users can execute token burns, thereby enhancing the security and integrity of the ZivoeToken contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

Missing Access Control in `burn` Function: The `burn` function in the `ZivoeToken` contract lacks proper access control.
Any user can call the burn function to destroy `ZVE` tokens without requiring any specific authorization.

## Impact

-    **Unauthorized Token Burns**: Any user can call the burn function without proper authorization, resulting in the unauthorized destruction of ZVE tokens.

-    **Loss of Token Value**: The unauthorized burning of tokens can lead to a decrease in the total token supply, potentially affecting the token's value and market dynamics.Disruption of Token Ecosystem: 


-    If a large number of tokens are burned without proper oversight, it can disrupt the intended ecosystem and utility of the ZivoeToken.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry%2Fsrc%2FZivoeToken.sol#L35

## Proof of Concept
```solidity
pragma solidity ^0.8.17;

import "./ZivoeToken.sol";

contract Exploit {
    ZivoeToken public zivoeToken;

    constructor(address tokenAddress) {
        zivoeToken = ZivoeToken(tokenAddress);
    }

    function exploitBurn() external {
        zivoeToken.burn(100); // Burn 100 ZVE tokens without proper access control
    }
}


```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
-    Implement access control to restrict token burning to authorized users or roles.

-    Add checks to ensure that the caller has sufficient balance to burn the specified amount of tokens.
