Decent Chiffon Wolf

high

# If protocol contributors participate in the ITO stage, they will not receive the `$ZVE` that they were entitled to as rewards for their contributions to the protocol.

## Summary

After the `Initial Tranche Offering (ITO)` stage, when ITO participants claim the airdrop, a vesting schedule of `$ZVE` is created. In the [ZivoeRewardsVesting.createVestingSchedule()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L381-L404) function, once the `vestingScheduleSet[account]` variable is set to `true`, it can never be switched back to `false`.

So any team members, advisors, or early contributors who participated in the ITO stage can receive `$ZVE` as rewards for their ITO participation. However, they cannot receive the additional `$ZVE` that they were entitled to as rewards for their prior contributions to the protocol since the `ZVL` is unable to create a vesting schedule twice for the same account.

## Vulnerability Detail

After the ITO stage, when ITO participants claim the airdrop, a vesting schedule of `$ZVE` is created at [L236](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L236-L238).
```solidity
File: ZivoeITO.sol
203:     function claimAirdrop(address depositor) external returns (
204:         uint256 zSTTClaimed, uint256 zJTTClaimed, uint256 ZVEVested
205:     ) {
            [...]
235:         if (upper * middle / lower > 0) {
236:             ITO_IZivoeRewardsVesting(IZivoeGlobals_ITO(GBL).vestZVE()).createVestingSchedule(
237:                 depositor, 0, 360, upper * middle / lower, false
238:             );
239:         }
240:         
241:         return (seniorCreditsOwned / 3, juniorCreditsOwned, upper * middle / lower);
242:     }
```
When ITO creates a vesting schedule of `$ZVE` for an account by calling the `createVestingSchedule()` function, it first checks if the `vestingScheduleSet[account]` variable is `false`.

```solidity
File: ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol
388:    require(
389:        !vestingScheduleSet[account], //@audit-info If vestingScheduleSet[account] is true, it reverts.
390:        "ZivoeRewardsVesting::createVestingSchedule() vestingScheduleSet[account]"
391:    );
```
Then, if several conditions are satisfied, it sets the `vestingScheduleSet[account]` variable  to `true` at [L404](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L404). 
```solidity
File: ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol
404:    vestingScheduleSet[account] = true
```
Finally, ZVL or ITO creates a vesting schedule.

However, when ZVL is going to create a vesting schedule again for the same account, as `vestingScheduleSet[account]` was set as `true` before, it reverts.

#### Example
Let Alice is one of the advisors. 
- She deposited `$DAI` in the ITO stage by calling [ZivoeITO.depositSenior()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L277-L298).
- After the ITO stage, he claims the airdrop by calling [ZivoeITO.claimAirdrop()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L203-L242) and a vesting schedule is created for her. 
- Later, ZVL is going to create a vesting schedule for her since she contributed to the protocol as an advisor. So ZVL calls [ZivoeRewardsVesting.createVestingSchedule()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L381-L404) to create a vesting schedule.
- Unfortunately, this function reverts and Alice is unable to receive `$ZVE` entitled to him.



## Impact

Here's a breakdown of the potential impacts of this issue:

- Team members, advisors, and early contributors who are entitled to a portion of the 60% `$ZVE` via a vesting schedule can't receive that allocation if they participate in the ITO stage.
- ZVL can't create a vesting schedule for individuals who received `$ZVE` via a vesting schedule before.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L388-L391



## Recommendation

To solve this issue, it's necessary to revise multiple sections of the `ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol` contract. We recommend reimplementing the code to enable ZVL to create multiple vesting schedules for the same account.