Dancing Violet Gorilla

medium

# Title: Incorrect Calculation in `ZivoeITO::claimAirdrop` Vesting Function

## Summary

There is an incorrect calculation in the `ZivoeITO:claimAirdrop` function related to determining the middle variable, which affects the vesting of tokens during an airdrop claim.

## Vulnerability Detail

```javascript
 uint256 middle = IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ITO(GBL).ZVE()).totalSupply() / 20;

```

Here, the total supply of the ZVE token is divided by 20 to calculate the middle variable. This is incorrect and reduces the amount to vest during the airdrop process.

## Impact

The incorrect calculation impacts the amount of tokens vested during the airdrop. Dividing the total supply by 20 instead of the correct divisor could result in a significantly lower amount of tokens being vested than intended.
Suppose the total supply of ZVE tokens is 100,000. Dividing it by 20 (totalSupply() / 20) results in 5,000, whereas dividing it by 2 (totalSupply() / 2) gives 50,000. user is supposed to receive a vested amount based on this calculation, using the incorrect divisor could lead to them receiving only a fraction of the intended tokens, causing a loss in value.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L225

```javascript
        uint256 upper = seniorCreditsOwned + juniorCreditsOwned;

        uint256 middle = IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ITO(GBL).ZVE()).totalSupply() /
            20;

        uint256 lower = IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ITO(GBL).zSTT()).totalSupply() *
            3 +
            (IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ITO(GBL).zJTT()).totalSupply());

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The calculation for the middle variable should be corrected by dividing the total supply by the correct factor. In this case, it should be divided by 2 instead of 20.

```javascript
 uint256 middle = IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ITO(GBL).ZVE()).totalSupply() / 2;

```