Passive Bronze Puma

high

# On combining loans, the new calculated APR rounds down causing the user to pay less interest

## Summary

Loan borrowers can combine their loans into one single loan for efficiency and easier repayment. Each loan has an APR which determines how much interest the borrower has to pay per each payment. The protocol offers borrowers who have multiple loans to combine their loans into one single loan. When combining a loan the function `OCC_Modular::applyCombine()` is called by the borrower to finalize the combination of his loans into one single loan

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `OCC_Modular::applyCombine()` performs some checks and then calculates the `notional` and `APR` through the following lines of code

```solidity
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < combinations[id].loans.length; i++) {
            uint256 loanID = combinations[id].loans[i]; /
            require(
                _msgSender() == loans[loanID].borrower, 
                "OCC_Modular::applyCombine() _msgSender() != loans[loanID].borrower"
            );
            require(
                loans[loanID].state == LoanState.Active, 
                "OCC_Modular::applyCombine() loans[loanID].state != LoanState.Active"
            );
            notional += loans[loanID].principalOwed; 
            APR += loans[loanID].principalOwed * loans[loanID].APR
            // more code in the for loop
        }

    APR = APR / notional @audit-issue rounds down
```

This for loop goes through each of the borrower's loans and combines each loan's `principalOwed` into `notional` and calculates new `APR` += `principalOwed` * `APR` for each loan

The `APR` calculated in the for loop is then used to determine the final `APR` outside the for loop through `APR = APR / notional`

## Proof of Concept 

Suppose a borrower has two loans and later he decides to 
combine them after the combination is approved

Add the following functions into `OCC_Modular.sol`

```solidity
    function getAPR(uint256 id) public view returns (uint256) {
        return loans[id].APR;
    }

    function getPrincipal(uint256 id) public view returns (uint256) {
        return loans[id].principalOwed;
    }

    function getInterval(uint256 id) public view returns (uint256) {
        return loans[id].paymentInterval;
    }
```

Create a new test file in zivoe-core-foundry directory called OCC_Modular.t.sol and add the following gist into it

[Proof of Concept](https://gist.github.com/omar-ahsan/8f2711dcaf5732e0ef7267f2f1f0a686)

The `APR` is used to calculate how much a borrower has to pay in interest when they make a payment. When the `APR` decreases below than what it should be, the borrower will pay less in interest as well due to the following code

```solidity
    interest = (loans[id].principalOwed *
                loans[id].paymentInterval *
                loans[id].APR) /
                (86400 * 365 * BIPS);
```

This specific PoC shows that the protocol loses 5 USDC in APR due to rounding down. 

Compare the interest payments on the two loans before and after, the decrease is noticeable. 
## Impact

The borrower will pay less interest after combining loans. Even though the loss is only of 5 $USDC for this combination, multiple combinations of loans by other borrowers will add up to the loss. This will cause the protocol to lose a big amount of payments.

## Code Snippet

[applyCombine() function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L742-L808)

[Interest Calculation](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L455)

## Tool used

Manual Review, Foundry

## Recommendation

Round the APR up in favor of protocol or calculate the APR off-chain and feed it into `approveCombine()` function similar to APRLateFee.