Dancing Violet Gorilla

medium

# Title: Inadequate Allowance Handling in `pushToLocker` Function of `OCY_Convex_A.sol` & `OCY_Convex_C.sol`.

## Summary

The  `OCY_Convex_A::pushToLocker` & `OCY_Convex_C::pushToLocker` function suffers from inadequate handling of token allowances for the 1inch router. Although allowances are set correctly before converting assets, they are not reset afterward. This can lead to failed transactions if the 1inch router does not utilize the entire allowance due to slippage or other factors.
## Vulnerability Detail

The pushToLocker function exhibits inadequate handling of token allowances after interacting with Curve and Convex protocols. Despite setting allowances correctly before executing transactions, they are not reset afterward. This can lead to transaction failures if the full allowance is not utilized due to slippage

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is that transactions may fail due to incorrect allowance management. This could result in inefficiencies in liquidity provision, loss of gas fees because due to asset statement it consume all the gas and won't return anything.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCY/OCY_Convex_A.sol#L117
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCY/OCY_Convex_C.sol#L110
```javascript
if (asset == FRAX) {
  // Allocate FRAX to Curve BasePool
  assert(
    IERC20(curveBasePoolToken).allowance(address(this), curveMetaPool) == 0
  );
} else if (asset == USDC) {
  // Allocate USDC to Curve BasePool
  assert(IERC20(USDC).allowance(address(this), curveBasePool) == 0);
  // Allocate curveBasePoolToken to Curve MetaPool
  assert(
    IERC20(curveBasePoolToken).allowance(address(this), curveMetaPool) == 0
  );
} else {
  // Allocate alUSD to Curve MetaPool
  assert(IERC20(alUSD).allowance(address(this), curveMetaPool) == 0);
}
// Stake CurveLP tokens to Convex
assert(IERC20(curveMetaPool).allowance(address(this), convexDeposit) == 0);
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Reset Allowances After Use: After interacting with the Uniswap router and completing the liquidity provision, reset the allowances for the pair assets and ZVE tokens to zero to ensure they are not left with excessive allowances.