Odd Concrete Cyborg

medium

# Unchecked Allowances in OCT_DAO and OCT_YDL's convertAndForward Function

## Summary
The `convertAndForward` function in both `OCT_DAO.sol` and `OCT_YDL.sol` has a weakness in how it handles allowances for the 1inch router. While allowances are set correctly before converting assets, they are not reset afterwards. This can cause transactions to fail if the 1inch router doesn't use the entire allowance, potentially due to slippage or other reasons.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `convertAndForward` function doesn't properly manage token allowances after interacting with the 1inch router. Even though allowances are set appropriately before transactions, they aren't reset afterwards. This can lead to failed transactions if the full allowance isn't used, possibly because of slippage.
## Impact
This vulnerability can cause transactions to fail due to improper allowance management. This could result in inefficiencies when trying to provide liquidity, wasted gas fees because the entire allowance might be approved, even if not fully used, leading to failed transactions, and potentially preventing `convertAndTransfer` from successfully transferring assets to the DAO.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCT/OCT_YDL.sol#L106
```solidity
assert(IERC20(asset).allowance(address(this), router1INCH_V5) == 0);
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement Allowance Reset: It's crucial to reset allowances back to zero after using the Uniswap router and completing liquidity provisioning. This ensures that the router isn't left with unnecessary spending permissions for your assets.