Flaky Burlap Boa

medium

# PYUSD's admin can freezes DAO and OCY_Convex_C address balance from being transferred

## Summary

PYUSD's admin can freeze ALL `PYUSD` in Zivoe contracts, causing the protocol to suffer serious losses.

## Vulnerability Detail

Per the contest page, the admins of the protocols that Zivoe integrates with are considered "RESTRICTED". This means that any issue related to PYUSD's admin action that could negatively affect Zivoe protocol/users will be considered valid in this audit contest.

Q: Are the admins of the protocols your contracts integrate with (if any) TRUSTED or RESTRICTED?

RESTRICTED

Currently, PYUSD's admin can pause the `DAO` and `OCY_Convex_C`, make zivoe DAO and users unable to push token to or pull tokens from `OCY_Convex_C`.

https://etherscan.io/address/0xe17b8adf8e46b15f3f9ab4bb9e3b6e31db09126e#code#L456

    /**
     * @dev Freezes an address balance from being transferred.
     * @param _addr The new address to freeze.
     */
    function freeze(address _addr) public onlyAssetProtectionRole {
        require(!frozen[_addr], "address already frozen");
        frozen[_addr] = true;
        emit AddressFrozen(_addr);
    }    /**
     * @dev Wipes the balance of a frozen address, and burns the tokens.
     * @param _addr The new frozen address to wipe.
     */

    function wipeFrozenAddress(address _addr) public onlyAssetProtectionRole {
        require(frozen[_addr], "address is not frozen");
        uint256 _balance = balances[_addr];
        balances[_addr] = 0;
        totalSupply_ = totalSupply_.sub(_balance);
        emit FrozenAddressWiped(_addr);
        emit SupplyDecreased(_addr, _balance);
        emit Transfer(_addr, address(0), _balance);
    }

## Impact

The fund of Zivoe protocol and its users will be stuck in `OCY_Convex_C`(not only PYUSD, but other tokens as well), resulting in users being unable to withdraw their assets.

## Code Snippet

https://etherscan.io/address/0xe17b8adf8e46b15f3f9ab4bb9e3b6e31db09126e#code#L456

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Ensure that the protocol team and its users are aware of the risks of such an event and develop a contingency plan to manage it.
