Ancient Chartreuse Kangaroo

high

# Incorrect invalidation of combination in `OCC_Modular.sol::applyCombine()` function

## Summary
The `applyCombine()` function in the `OCC_Modular` contract incorrectly invalidates the `combinations[combineCounter]` instead of the `combinations[id]` when applying a loan combination.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `applyCombine()` function is responsible for combining multiple loans into a single loan. The `borrower` of these loans can call this function giving the id of the combination and after that, this combination must be invalid and of course all others combinations' state must not have changed. However, when applying the combination, the function incorrectly sets `combinations[combineCounter].valid = false` instead of `combinations[id].valid = false`. This means that the combination identified by the `combineCounter` variable which is the last combination approved is invalidated instead of the combination identified by the `id` parameter.

## Impact
As a result, lots of borrowers' combinations (most recent ones) can be invalitated and the whole combinations mechanism can be broken with hunderds/thousands loans. Since the new combined loans may have different `paymentSchedule`, `gracePeriod`, `paymentInterval`, `term` and `APRLateFee` than the individual loans that compose them, this can easily lead to financial losses. The possibility of this happening is very high since protocol aims to have a lot of loans and combinations.

## Code Snippet
Every new combination approved is "assigned" the `combineCounter` in the `combinations` mapping and then `combineCounter` variable is incremented :

```solidity
900:    combinations[combineCounter] = Combine(
901:        loanIDs, APRLateFee, term, paymentInterval, gracePeriod, block.timestamp + 72 hours, paymentSchedule, true
902:    );
```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L900C9-L902C11)


Here's the vulnerable code snippet from the `applyCombine()` function:

```solidity
function applyCombine(uint256 id) external {
    require(combinations[id].valid, "OCC_Modular::applyCombine() !combinations[id].valid");
    // ...

    // BUG: This should be `combinations[id].valid = false;` instead of `combinations[combineCounter].valid = false;`
    combinations[combineCounter].valid = false;

    // ...
}
```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L749)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Update the line `combinations[combineCounter].valid = false;` to `combinations[id].valid = false;` to correctly invalidate the combination identified by the id parameter.
```diff
- combinations[combineCounter].valid = false;
+ combinations[id].valid = false;
```
