Gorgeous Tortilla Haddock

high

# [ZivoeITO.sol] - Inadequate Asset Validation in ZivoeITO Deposit Functions

## Summary
The `ZivoeITO` contract lacks sufficient validation for stablecoin assets in its `depositSenior` and `depositJunior` functions, potentially allowing deposits of unauthorized or non-whitelisted tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
The contract employs a simplistic validation logic that checks if the deposited asset matches one of the four predefined stablecoin addresses. This method does not accommodate updates or validation against a comprehensive list of approved stablecoins, which may lead to deposits of non-whitelisted or malicious tokens if they match one of the specified addresses.

## Impact
Improper validation could facilitate:
- The deposit of unauthorized tokens under the guise of permitted stablecoins, particularly if their addresses are coincidentally identical.
- The inability to dynamically manage the list of authorized stablecoins, compromising adaptability and security.
- Increased susceptibility to exploitation, undermining the contract's integrity and potentially leading to loss of funds or unauthorized actions.

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment for `depositJunior` [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L251-L254)
```solidity
require(
    asset == stables[0] || asset == stables[1] || asset == stables[2] || asset == stables[3],
    "ZivoeITO::depositJunior() asset != stables[0-3]"
);
```

See the related code segment for `depositSenior` [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeITO.sol#L280-L283)
```solidity
require(
    asset == stables[0] || asset == stables[1] || asset == stables[2] || asset == stables[3],
    "ZivoeITO::depositSenior() asset != stables[0-3]"
);
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To securely validate deposit assets, integrate a dynamic whitelist check leveraging the `stablecoinWhitelist` from the `ZivoeGlobals` contract. This method ensures validation against a live, modifiable list of approved stablecoins, significantly elevating security and flexibility.

### Code Snippets for Recommendation
For both `depositSenior` and `depositJunior` functions, replace the existing asset validation logic with:
```solidity
require(
    IZivoeGlobals_ITO(GBL).stablecoinWhitelist(asset),
    "ZivoeITO: Asset not whitelisted for deposit"
);
```

This modification necessitates the `IZivoeGlobals_ITO` interface and the underlying ZivoeGlobals contract to expose a method or a public getter for accessing the `stablecoinWhitelist` mapping.

By implementing this change, the contract can dynamically validate deposit assets against an updatable whitelist, mitigating risks associated with static validation and enhancing the overall security posture of the ITO mechanism.