Ancient Chartreuse Kangaroo

high

# Unfair Minting of `zJTT` and `zSTT` Tokens When Stablecoins Depeg

## Summary
The Zivoe protocol assumes that all whitelisted stablecoins (`FRAX`, `USDT`, `USDC`, `DAI`, and any others that may be added) remain pegged to a 1:1 ratio with the US dollar and themselves. Due to this assumption, the protocol mints one `zJTT` or `zSTT` token for every one stablecoin deposited, regardless of the actual value of the stablecoin. However, in the event of a stablecoin depeg (even a slight one, not necessarily a catastrophic one), the protocol will still mint the same amount of `zJTT` or `zSTT` tokens, which will be worth more than the deposited stablecoins.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a user wants to mint `zJTT` or `zSTT` tokens to gain exposure to the Zivoe protocol's ecosystem, they deposit stablecoins in the `ZivoeTranches.sol` contract by calling `depositJunior()` or `depositSenior()`. In these functions, the user specifies the stablecoin they want to deposit and the amount, and the contract mints them the exact amount (standardized if needed) of `tranches` tokens. However, if a stablecoin depegs from the others and from $1 (which is not uncommon for a short period), the user will be able to mint more `tranches` tokens than the stablecoins they deposited.

## Impact
As a result of this vulnerability, users can gain unfair amounts of `tranches` tokens relative to other users, allowing them to earn more yield and rewards with the same amount of stablecoins deposited. This can lead to a significant loss of funds for the other users over the long term. It's important to note that major depegs can lead to catastrophic results for the protocol, potentially breaking the entire ecosystem since the unfair minting will be significant.

## Code Snippet
Here is the code snippet of the `depositJunior()` and `depositSenior()` functions in `ZivoeTranches.sol` contract:
```solidity
function depositSenior(uint256 amount, address asset) public notPaused nonReentrant {
        // ...
        
        uint256 convertedAmount = IZivoeGlobals_ZivoeTranches(GBL).standardize(amount, asset);

       // ...

        // Ordering important, transfer ZVE rewards prior to minting zJTT() due to totalSupply() changes.
        IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ZivoeTranches(GBL).ZVE()).safeTransfer(depositor, incentives);
@>        IERC20Mintable_ZivoeTranches(IZivoeGlobals_ZivoeTranches(GBL).zSTT()).mint(depositor, convertedAmount);
    }
```
[Link to code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeTranches.sol#L314)

```solidity
function depositJunior(uint256 amount, address asset) public notPaused nonReentrant {
        // ...
        
        uint256 convertedAmount = IZivoeGlobals_ZivoeTranches(GBL).standardize(amount, asset);

        // ...

        // Ordering important, transfer ZVE rewards prior to minting zJTT() due to totalSupply() changes.
        IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_ZivoeTranches(GBL).ZVE()).safeTransfer(depositor, incentives);
@>        IERC20Mintable_ZivoeTranches(IZivoeGlobals_ZivoeTranches(GBL).zJTT()).mint(depositor, convertedAmount);
    }
```
[Link to code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeTranches.sol#L288)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider implementing a mechanism to check the price of the stablecoins, such as using Chainlink VRF, to ensure that the minting of zJTT and zSTT tokens is proportional to the actual value of the deposited stablecoins. Additionally, the protocol could consider introducing a dynamic minting ratio that adjusts based on the relative prices of the stablecoins, rather than a fixed 1:1 ratio. This would help mitigate the impact of stablecoin depegs and ensure a fair distribution of tranches tokens.
