Soaring Plastic Parakeet

medium

# DoS adding liquidity

## Summary
Attackers can donate tokens to OCL_ZVE to prevent it from adding liquidity to pools due to router allowance assertions.
## Vulnerability Detail
`OCL_ZVE` contract provides liquidity to pools through univ2 router. The router will calculate optimal amounts of tokens  and withdraw them from the contract.

In `pushToLockerMulti` we can see `that OCL_ZVE` first gives router allowances of all of its ZVE and pairAsset tokens by reading each of the tokens' `balanceOf`, next it goes on to add liquidity through the router and after adding liquidity it enforces that full amount of these tokens were added to the pool with assert statements. So in order for this function to not revert, `OCL_ZVE` has to have an equal amount of tokens that the router would calculate for adding liquidity.

The issue is that an attacker can front-run `pushToLockerMulti` and donate dust amounts of one of these tokens to `OCL_ZVE`, creating an imbalance in the allowances thus leaving the dust amounts not spent and causing `pushToLockerMulti` to revert. Also this can occur naturally as swaps happen and prices change, again leaving some tokens not spent.
## Impact
DoS of pushToLockerMulti, medium.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L172-L215
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider changing allowance constraints to higher values so that executing this attack would be costly or set the allowance to zero and remove the constraints.