Funny Malachite Dragonfly

high

# The protocol will encounter pesisitent reverting when interacting with Uniswap due to failure to reduce  the allowance left before the assert statement ensuring zero allowance

## Summary
In the `OCL_ZVE` contract the `pushToLockerMulti`, `pullFromLocker` and `pullFromLockerPartial` functions interacts with uniswapV2 via various operations such as add liquidity and remove liquidity. However after each of these operations there is an assert statement `assert(IERC20(pair).allowance(address(this), router) == 0)` for both tokens to ensure that the allowance is zero without decreasing the allowance left after the operations. Uniswap router almost always does not use 100% of the allowance of initially given to it(i.e desired amount) for both tokens. And the protocol did set minAmount out to be 90% of desired amount`pushToLockerMulti`. The assert statement will mean only when 100% of allowance from both tokens is utilized before transactions go through which is rearly ever the case. This oversight is also seen when interacting with the curve protocol in the `OCY_Convex_A`  contract when interacting with curve in the `pushToLocker` function pushing funds to curve pool. 

## Vulnerability Detail
This issues has alot of instances all over the protocol. lets look at the `pushToLockerMulti` function in the `OCL_ZVE` for this illustration
```solidity
function pushToLockerMulti(
                .
                .
        // Router addLiquidity() endpoint.
        uint balPairAsset = IERC20(pairAsset).balanceOf(address(this));
        uint balZVE = IERC20(ZVE).balanceOf(address(this));
        IERC20(pairAsset).safeIncreaseAllowance(router, balPairAsset);
        IERC20(ZVE).safeIncreaseAllowance(router, balZVE);

        // Prevent volatility of greater than 10% in pool relative to amounts present.
        (uint256 depositedPairAsset, uint256 depositedZVE, uint256 minted) = IRouter_OCL_ZVE(router).addLiquidity(
            pairAsset, 
            ZVE, 
            balPairAsset,
            balZVE, 
            (balPairAsset * 9) / 10,
            (balZVE * 9) / 10, 
            address(this), block.timestamp + 14 days
        );
        emit LiquidityTokensMinted(minted, depositedZVE, depositedPairAsset);
        assert(IERC20(pairAsset).allowance(address(this), router) == 0);
        assert(IERC20(ZVE).allowance(address(this), router) == 0);
```
As illustrated by the code, allowance granted to uniswap router is the `balPairAsset,` and `balZVE` which here is the desired amount to be added .`(balPairAsset * 9) / 10` and `(balZVE * 9) / 10` is 90% of those values which is minimum amount willing to be accepted. but protocol did not reduce allowance left before the assert statement to ensure zero allowance. Uniswap's addLiquidity function grant allowance to the router to access tokens, with amount desired indicating the planned liquidity provision and amountMin ensuring minimum amounts are met, without necessarily utilizing the full allowance. This is also seen in the `pullFromLocker` and `pullFromLockerPartial` functions and the `OCY_Convex_A` contract interacting with curve also in the `pushToLocker` function. 
## Impact
Protocol will be unable to interact with Uniswap and Curve Pool due to persistent reverting this breaks a core functionality of the protocol and also since these serve as a source of yield for the protocol there is also lost of yield/income for the protocol

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L198
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L268
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L233
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCY/OCY_Convex_A.sol#L131

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Reduce allowance left after interacting with uniswap and curve pool to zero before assert statement allowance==0
