Fancy Burlap Mouse

high

# Adding liquidity in OCL_ZVE will always fail due to allowance assertion checks

## Summary

In the `pushToLockerMulti` function of the `OCL_ZVE` contract, it is expected that the Uniswap/SushiSwap router will always add the `amountADesired` and `amountBDesired` amounts to the pool. Assertion checks are made to ensure that the allowance to the router is always zero after adding liquidity. Due to this, calls to the `pushToLockerMulti` function will always fail, causing DOS.


## Vulnerability Detail

In the `pushToLockerMulti` function, when adding liquidity to Uniswap, the current balances of tokenA and tokenB are approved to the router using the `safeIncreaseAllowance` function. However, there's a false assumption that the entire allowance will be consumed, and the specified `tokenADesired` and `tokenBDesired` amounts will be added to the liquidity pool.

In reality, the router consumes optimal amounts of tokenA and tokenB based on current pool prices, which change with every swap. It only consumes the necessary allowance amounts to add liquidity to the pool. As a result, the `pushToLockerMulti` function consistently reverts because the assert statements below expect the allowances to be completely consumed, which will never happen:

```solidity
        assert(IERC20(pairAsset).allowance(address(this), router) == 0);
        assert(IERC20(ZVE).allowance(address(this), router) == 0);
```

Additionally, even if the balances in the pool match exactly with pool prices, an attacker can still directly send 1 wei of token to the `OCL_ZVE` contract DOS.

## Impact

Call to `pushToLockerMulti` function will always revert.


## Code Snippet
[OCL_ZVE.sol#L208-L209](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L208-L209)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

As `safeIncreaseAllowance`  is used the allowance checks are not necessary.

```diff
-        assert(IERC20(pairAsset).allowance(address(this), router) == 0);
-        assert(IERC20(ZVE).allowance(address(this), router) == 0);
```


