Prehistoric Rose Seagull

medium

# A lack of precision exists in the allocation of stZVE and vestZVE tokens to the ZivoeRewards contract

## Summary
Precision loss leads to imprecise token allocation and distribution inside the rewards contract
## Vulnerability Detail
Solidity truncates the result of integer division, emphasizing the need to multiply before dividing to prevent precision loss. If division precedes multiplication, the final result risks significant precision loss, as the initial quotient undergoes truncation before being multiplied by another integer.

This issue surfaces in the `distributeYield()` section of ZivoeYDL's code, where the function allocates available yield. In the case where the stZVE contract is the recipient, the code splits the rewards to the staking and vesting parts. Afterward, these allocated tokens would be deposited into the stZVE and vestZVE contracts.
These allocated tokens are calculated by the total supplies of stZVE, and vestZVE tokens linearly. For instance, the allocated stZVE is calculated by the fraction of stZVE total supply over the sum of both stZVE and vestZVE total supplies in the defined basis point. Next, these allocated tokens would be transferred.

```Solidity

    else if (_recipient == IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).stZVE()) {
        uint256 splitBIPS = (
            IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).stZVE()).totalSupply() * BIPS
        ) / (
            IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).stZVE()).totalSupply() + 
            IERC20(IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).vestZVE()).totalSupply()
        );
        uint stZVEAllocation = _protocol[i] * splitBIPS / BIPS;
        uint vestZVEAllocation = _protocol[i] * (BIPS - splitBIPS) / BIPS;
        IERC20(distributedAsset).safeIncreaseAllowance(IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).stZVE(), stZVEAllocation);
        IERC20(distributedAsset).safeIncreaseAllowance(IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).vestZVE(),vestZVEAllocation);
        IZivoeRewards_YDL(IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).stZVE()).depositReward(distributedAsset, stZVEAllocation);
        IZivoeRewards_YDL(IZivoeGlobals_YDL(GBL).vestZVE()).depositReward(distributedAsset, vestZVEAllocation);

```

However, upon examining the actual implementation, a concealed [division](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeYDL.sol#L252) occurs before [multiplication](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeYDL.sol#L256-L257) in the computation of `stZVEAllocation` and `vestZVEAllocation`, resulting in the truncation of the entire expression. This is problematic because the resulting precision loss can be substantial, leading to less accurate calculations of stZVE and vestZVE for the pool compared to the actual values.

## Impact
A lack of precision exists in the allocation of stZVE and vestZVE tokens to the ZivoeRewards contract

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeYDL.sol#L256-L257
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I suggest changing the code structure to the way the multiplication happens before division in the calculation of `stZVEAllocation` and `vestZVEAllocation`.