Funny Paisley Puppy

medium

# Temporary or Permanent Loss of Initial Rewards

## Summary
The ```depositReward``` function present in the ```ZivoeRewards.sol``` (and ```ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol```) contract initiates reward or yield distribution upon a call. This function transfers the reward amount (for a specific reward token) into the contract, sets the ```rewardRate``` which marks the beginning of the reward period and sets the end of the reward period (```periodFinish```). A notable flaw arises when rewards accrual begins before the first stake which leaves a gap between rewards deposition and the user's first stake action leading to rewards not allocated for the initial period lost or stuck in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
When ```depositReward``` function is called to transfer new rewards into the contract, thereby enabling users who stake after to start earning rewards for their deposits, subsequently setting ```periodFinish``` for the reward token to ```current timestamp + reward duration```, it ignores the possible gap between the beginning of the accrual (i.e. immediately ```depositReward``` is called) to the first stake action, to the ```periodFinish```. In other words, the function assumes that the reward accrual (reward duration) is deemed to start from calling the ```depositReward``` function to the ```periodFinish```. However, one important piece of information is that the users or stakers will not necessarily stake at the same time or immediately after the ```depositReward``` function is called.

Therefore any rewards streamed or accrued between the calling of the ```depositReward``` function to the first stake action will not be accrueable by any staker (which is ideal) but will be lost or frozen temporarily or even permanently.

For example, consider the following:

* Block N: Alice calls ```depositReward``` for a ```rewardsToken``` with a reward intended for distribution for one week (7 days).

* Now assume the calculated ```rewardRate``` is set to distribute 1 reward token per second. Therefore; ```rewardRate``` = 1, ```periodFinish = Timestamp X + 604800``` (one week in seconds).

* Block M (Timestamp = X + Y): After ```Y seconds```, the first user stakes, initiating their reward accumulation from ```Timestamp X + Y```. However, note that the ```periodFinish``` is ```X + rewardsDuration```, not ```X + Y + rewardsDuration```.

* Therefore, this delay (Y) leads to a discrepancy where rewards meant for the initial ```Y seconds``` remain undistributed, as the contract's reward distribution window does not start from ```X + Y + rewardsDuration```.

* For example, a 30-minute delay (```Y = 1800 seconds```) results in only ```603000``` tokens being distributed, leaving ```1800``` tokens unused in the contract. These tokens stay dormant neither accrueable by any staker (which is ideal) nor withdrawable. It remains stuck temporarily or permanently which is technically a loss.

> Even if the users will likely stake early, there inevitably will be a small delay between the first deposit action and the reward cycle initiation, hence even if this unpredictable delay is small, these tokens will accrue to become a big loss over time therefore this issue is worth resolving. PS: Make sure you understand how synthetix reward mechanism works and refer to the provided reference.

## Impact
* Loss of funds

## Code Snippet
```diff
function depositReward(address _rewardsToken, uint256 reward) external updateReward(address(0)) nonReentrant {
        IERC20(_rewardsToken).safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), reward);

        // Update vesting accounting for reward (if existing rewards being distributed, increase proportionally).
        if (block.timestamp >= rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish) {
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        } else {
            uint256 remaining = rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
            uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate);
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        }

        rewardData[_rewardsToken].lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
        //@audit initial rewards will be lost (if no staker at the time)
-        rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish = block.timestamp.add(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        emit RewardDeposited(_rewardsToken, reward, _msgSender());
    }
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The most common recommendation for this issue is, when there are no prior stakes start reward period (i.e```periodFinish```)  at first stake action.  For example, see how the Sommelier team fixed this issue below.
> https://github.com/PeggyJV/cellar-contracts/blob/afd970c36e9a520326afc888a11d40cdde75c6a7/src/CellarStaking.sol?ref=0xmacro.com#L219

## Reference
* https://solodit.xyz/issues/m-12-rewards-for-initial-period-can-be-lost-in-all-of-the-synthetix-derivative-contracts-code4rena-lybra-finance-lybra-finance-git
* https://0xmacro.com/blog/synthetix-staking-rewards-issue-inefficient-reward-distribution/