Breezy White Poodle

high

# If the `OCL_ZVE:forwardYield` is called before `OCL_ZVE:pushToLockerMulti`, the yield distribution interval cannot be enforced

## Summary

The yield distribution is meant to distribute the yield every 30 days. But it can be bypassed by calling `OCL_ZVE:forwardYield` before `OCL_ZVE:pushToLockerMulti`.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `OCL_ZVE:nextYieldDistribution` is used to ensure the yield is distributed in the fixed interval. It was defaulted in zero, and was not set in constructor.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L96

It will be set in the `OCL_ZVE:pushToLockerMulti`, if the `nextYieldDistribution` is zero.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L186

In the `OCL_ZVE:forwardYield`, the `nextYieldDistribution` will be checked if the current block.timestamp is past (within 12 hours if keeper) the `nextYieldDistribution`. Then the `nextYieldDistribution` will be added for 30 days for the next yield.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L288-L300

However, there is no mechanism to forbid the call to the `forwardYield` before the `nextYieldDistribution` is set properly by the `pushToLockerMulti`. While the `pushToLockerMulti` can only be called by the owenr (DAO), the `forwardYield` can be called by anybody. Especially before the `nextYieldDistribution` is set to the proper value.

So, if the `forwardYield` is called before the `pushToLockerMulti`, the `nextYieldDistribution` will be incremented by 30 days from zero. Realistically it is safe to assume that the `nextYieldDistribution` will be always less than the current timestamp. As the result, the `forwardYield` can be called by anybody at anytime, even within the same block multiple times.

It is very hard to undo this, because by incrementing 30 day, i tshould catch up the current timestamp.


## Impact

The `forwardYield` can be called by anybody at anytime, even within the same block, bypassing the interval set by the protocol.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L96

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L186

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCL/OCL_ZVE.sol#L288-L300

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

consider setting the `nextYieldDistribution` at the constructor, or set it as `block.timestamp + 30 days` by the `forwardYield`

