Alert Orange Antelope

medium

# Incorrect Input validatoin for daysToVest in createVestingSchedule function

## Summary

The `createVestingSchedule` function incorrectly compares the `daysToVest` parameter with 1800 days in seconds, allowing vesting periods to exceed the intended 1800-day maximum.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `createVestingSchedule` function within the ZivoeRewardsVesting contract, there is an incorrect comparison between the `daysToVest` parameter, which is expected to be a number representing days, and the Solidity literal 1800 days, which is automatically converted to seconds.
The require statement `(require(daysToVest <= 1800 days, "ZivoeRewardsVesting::createVestingSchedule() daysToVest > 1800 days"))` is intended to limit the vesting period to a maximum of 1800 days. However, since 1800 days is interpreted as 1800 * 86400 seconds, and the `daysToVest` parameter is given as `uint256 Type` as input, so the actual comparison is not enforcing the intended limit.

## Impact

This issue allows creating vesting schedules that exceed the intended maximum duration of 1800 days. As a result, vesting schedules could be set for an excessively long period, which could lead to unexpected behavior in the contract's economics and could potentially be exploited by creating vesting schedules that are not in line with the contract's intended use cases or tokenomics.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L396

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The comparison should be corrected to compare the number of days directly, without converting to seconds. The require statement should be updated to:

```diff

-     require(daysToVest <= 1800 days, "ZivoeRewardsVesting::createVestingSchedule() daysToVest > 1800 days");
+    require(daysToVest <= 1800 , "ZivoeRewardsVesting::createVestingSchedule() daysToVest > 1800 days");

```
This change ensures that the `daysToVest` parameter is correctly compared against the intended maximum vesting duration of 1800 days.
