Fantastic Corduroy Shark

high

# Incorrect depositReward function slows down reward vesting

## Summary
In the ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol the depositReward function allows anyone to deposit reward to the vesting. However if there is an ongoing reward of the current token being vested this function will slow it down even if new reward is zero.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol the depositReward function allows anyone to deposit reward to the vesting.
The way the function works for ongoing vestings of the current _rewardsToken being passed is explained in the else:
```solidity
else {
            uint256 remaining = rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
            uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate);
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        }
```
These lines check the remaining time from the current vest by finding the remaining time and calculating the leftover rewards that have to be sent. The rewardRate is recalculated by dividing the (new reward+leftover) / rewardsDuration (rewardsDuration is accounting how long the rewards take to vest). Then the periodFinish is also made longer:
```solidity
rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish = block.timestamp.add(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
```
POC:
Consider the following scenario:
1)The ZVL adds a reward using the addReward function with address = reward1 and rewardsDuration=30 days.
2)15 days later somebody calls depositReward(reward1,0), the rewardRate will be recalculated so the the reward which was to be distributed for 15 days will now be distributed for 30 days.
## Impact
Anyone can slow down the vesting forever without any cost - High. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L352
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement another way for adding the reward, so that the time added to the vesting is proportional to the reward added, or use an individual mapping for each depositReward vesting series.