Fresh White Barracuda

medium

# It may not be consistent in calculating the Reward compensation for LPs.

## Summary
The attacker uses the `ZivoeRewards.sol#depositReward` function with no access control and destroy consistency in the distribution of the Reward rewards to LPs.

## Vulnerability Detail
`ZivoeRewards.sol#depositReward`function is following.
```solidity
    function depositReward(address _rewardsToken, uint256 reward) external updateReward(address(0)) nonReentrant {
        IERC20(_rewardsToken).safeTransferFrom(_msgSender(), address(this), reward);

        // Update vesting accounting for reward (if existing rewards being distributed, increase proportionally).
        if (block.timestamp >= rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish) {
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        } else {
            uint256 remaining = rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish.sub(block.timestamp);
            uint256 leftover = remaining.mul(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate);
            rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardRate = reward.add(leftover).div(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        }

        rewardData[_rewardsToken].lastUpdateTime = block.timestamp;
        rewardData[_rewardsToken].periodFinish = block.timestamp.add(rewardData[_rewardsToken].rewardsDuration);
        emit RewardDeposited(_rewardsToken, reward, _msgSender());
    }
```
As we see above, there is no access control in the `ZivoeRewards.sol#depositReward` function.
The attacker calls `depositReward(_rewardsToken, 0)` to change `rewardRate` without consuming any of his `_rewardsToken` so reward distribution to LPs becomes inconsistency.

For example, suppose that `depositReward(rewardsToken0, 300)` is called in `ZivoeYDL`. At that time rewardDuration is 10 (times).
Then `rewardData[rewardsToken0].rewardRate = 300/10 = 30`.
The attacker continues to call `depositReward(rewardsToken0, 0)` periodically.
If the attacker calls after 1 (time), `rewardData[rewardsToken0].rewardRate = (30 * (10 -1))/10 = 27`, and if the attacker calls after 1, `rewardData[rewardsToken0]. rewardRate = 240/10 = 24`.
In this way `rewardData[rewardsToken0].rewardRate` will continue to decrease until protocol calles depositReward function with not-zero amount.

Although the `rewardData[rewardsToken0].rewardRate` is decreased, the total amount of `rewardsToken0` that LPs can receive does not change, and eventually it can all be received at one time.
However, if an attacker continues to repeat the above process, the speed at which LPs receive reward will continue to slow, and it will take a very long time for LPs to receive all of their reward.

This is not what protocols intended.

## Impact
LPs do not receive rewards as intended by the protocol.
The reward rate of LPs slows and LPs become dissatisfied.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L228

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add appropriate access control for the protocols to `ZivoeRewards.sol#depositReward` function in order to this function is not called by attackers.