Breezy White Poodle

high

# `ZivoeRewards.depositReward()` and `ZivoeRewardsVesting.depositReward()` may be subject of a griefing attack to manipulate reward emissions

## Summary

The functions `ZivoeRewards.depositReward()` and `ZivoeRewardsVesting.depositReward()` may be exploited due to missing access control and missing check against the `reward` param.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `ZivoeRewards.depositReward()` can be called by anybody, and it is possible to call this function with the value 0 or a dust value as the `reward` param.

A malicious actor may repeatedly call this function with the `reward` param being 0. Or with a dust amount for the depositted `reward`.

As a consequence, the malicious actor (Bob) can thus perform a cheap griefing attack. Bob keeps calling `depositReward()`, and on each call of `depositReward()` Bob may achieve multiple things:

1. The `periodFinish` will be constantly increased on line 241 in ZivoeRewards.sol.

1. The `rewardRate` will be constantly decreased due to the division by the `rewardsDuration` on line 233 and on line 237 in ZivoeRewards.sol.

The exact same issues as described above apply to the function `ZivoeRewardsVesting.depositReward()`.


## Impact

A malicious actor may perform a cheap griefing attack as described above to increase period finish and to decrease the reward rate. Due to the decreased reward rate it will take much longer for the rewards to be emitted. Note that the `rewardRate` is the rewards emitted per second.

A malicious actor may execute this attack both against the `ZivoeRewards` and against the `ZivoeRewardsVesting` contracts, exploiting their `depositRewards()` functions. The rewards from both contracts may then take a much longer time to be emitted due to the attacker's actions.

Depending on the value of the `rewardsDuration`, the attacker may achieve to decrease the `rewardRate` very much, so that almost no rewards may be emitted.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewards.sol#L228-L243

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/ZivoeRewardsVesting.sol#L352-L367

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider limiting access to the functions `ZivoeRewards.depositReward()` and `ZivoeRewardsVesting.depositReward()` by implementing access control.

Consider adding a check for the `reward` param for the function `ZivoeRewards.depositReward()` and `ZivoeRewardsVesting.depositReward()`, in order to check that no 0 amount and no dust amounts can be depositted as a `reward`.