Flaky Burlap Boa

high

# cannot forward extra rewards from both OCY_Convex to OCT_YDL.

## Summary

Convex specifies `rewardContract` to be a `VirtualBalanceRewardPool`, but all three OCY_Convex uses it as a ERC20 token, which make it impossible to claim extra rewards and forward them to the OCT_YDL.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to [Convex doc](https://docs.convexfinance.com/convexfinanceintegration/baserewardpool#extra-rewards):

> The BaseRewardPool has an array of child reward contracts called extraRewards.
> You can query the number of extra rewards via baseRewardPool.extraRewardsLength().
> This array holds a list of [VirtualBalanceRewardPool ](https://github.com/convex-eth/platform/blob/main/contracts/contracts/VirtualBalanceRewardPool.sol)contracts which are similar in nature to the base reward contract but without actual control of staked tokens.
> 
> This means that if a pool has CRV rewards as well as SNX rewards, the pool's main reward contract(BaseRewardPool) will distribute the CRV and the child contract(VirtualBalanceRewardPool) will distribute the SNX.

But, in current implementation: (take OCY_Convex_A for example)

        // Extra Rewards
        if (extra) {
            uint256 extraRewardsLength = IBaseRewardPool_OCY_Convex_A(convexRewards).extraRewardsLength();
            for (uint256 i = 0; i < extraRewardsLength; i++) {
                address rewardContract = IBaseRewardPool_OCY_Convex_A(convexRewards).extraRewards(i);
                uint256 rewardAmount = IBaseRewardPool_OCY_Convex_A(rewardContract).rewardToken().balanceOf(
                    address(this)
                );
                //@Audit rewardContract is a VirtualBalanceRewardPool
                if (rewardAmount > 0) { IERC20(rewardContract).safeTransfer(OCT_YDL, rewardAmount); }
            }
        }

Tokens cannot be sent to YDL.

## Impact

Current OCY_Convex_A, OCY_Convex_B and OCY_Convex_C cannot forward extraRewards to YDL.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCY/OCY_Convex_A.sol#L263
https://docs.convexfinance.com/convexfinanceintegration/baserewardpool#extra-rewards

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use the real token address for token transfer.
