Sleepy Felt Tadpole

medium

# Curve and convex pools can be killed/shutdown

## Summary

Zivoe's staking process will be dossed and stop working if the Curve and Convex Pools are paused or shutdown.

## Vulnerability Detail

From the readme,

> Are the admins of the protocols your contracts integrate with (if any) TRUSTED or RESTRICTED?
> RESTRICTED

> In case of external protocol integrations, are the risks of external contracts pausing or executing an emergency withdrawal acceptable? If not, Watsons will submit issues related to these situations that can harm your protocol's functionality.
> Not acceptable
 
`OCY_Convex_C` and `OCY_Convex_A` contracts integrate with convex pools and curve pools to allocate stablecoins to the base pools and stakes the LP tokens. The admins have the ability to kill/shutdown the pools that Zivoe depends on. Convex can also decide to shutdown the full system. These actions will cause the contracts' major functions to revert, blocking their functionalities. 

## Impact
Breaking of core protocol's functionality due to actions of a restricted admin.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCY/OCY_Convex_C.sol#L54-L62
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCY/OCY_Convex_A.sol#L60-L67
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCY/OCY_Convex_C.sol#L110
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/d4111645b19a1ad3ccc899bea073b6f19be04ccd/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCY/OCY_Convex_A.sol#L117

## Tool used
Manual Code Review

## Recommendation

Develop a contigency plan for a situation like this, and include information about it in the protocol's documentation.