Flaky Burlap Boa

medium

# DAO unable to withdraw their funds due to Origin admin action

## Summary

Origin DAO/admin can ungrade the OUSD implementation, which can block OCY_OUSD from farming yield and stuck the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

Per the contest page, the admins of the protocols that Zivoe integrates with are considered "RESTRICTED". This means that any issue related to Origin admin action that could negatively affect Zivoe protocol/users will be considered valid in this audit contest.

Q: Are the admins of the protocols your contracts integrate with (if any) TRUSTED or RESTRICTED?

RESTRICTED

Currently Origin admin/DAO has the ability to upgrade OUSD implementation:

https://etherscan.io/token/0x2a8e1e676ec238d8a992307b495b45b3feaa5e86#code#L344

    /**
     * @dev Upgrade the backing implementation of the proxy.
     * Only the admin can call this function.
     * @param newImplementation Address of the new implementation.
     */
    function upgradeTo(address newImplementation) external onlyGovernor {
        _upgradeTo(newImplementation);
    }

Such upgrade could block OCY_OUSD from doing any actions by changing some interface or adding some malicious logic.

## Impact

The fund of Zivoe protocol and its users will be stuck, resulting in users being unable to withdraw their assets.

## Code Snippet

https://etherscan.io/token/0x2a8e1e676ec238d8a992307b495b45b3feaa5e86#code#L344

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Ensure that the protocol team and its users are aware of the risks of such an event and develop a contingency plan to manage it.
