Bouncy Daisy Blackbird

medium

# OCC_Modular#applyCombine can fail due to setting combinations.valid on wrong loan id.

## Summary
Due to setting combinations.valid for the wrong loan id users can be prevented from combining loans.

## Vulnerability Detail

When loan combinations are approved the id is determined by the current combineCounter which is then incremented after.
```solidity
    combinations[combineCounter] = Combine(loanIDs, APRLateFee, term, paymentInterval, gracePeriod, block.timestamp + 72 hours, paymentSchedule, true);
    combineCounter += 1;
```
This will pose an issue when the user calls applyCombine as it first checks the combination is still valid and then sets the validity to false. However it sets combinations.valid equal to false using the current combineCounter value not the id. 
```solidity
combinations[combineCounter].valid = false;
```
If another user has had a loan combination approved their loan id will be this value and when they go to call applyCombine the check on line 743 will fail.
```solidity
    require(combinations[id].valid, "OCC_Modular::applyCombine() !combinations[id].valid");
```
i.e.
1. Current combineCounter = 10.
2. Underwriter calls approveCombine for Bob and his id is set to 10,  combineCounter is incremented to 11.
3. Underwriter calls approveCombine for Alice and her id is set to 11,  combineCounter is incremented to 12.
4. Bob calls applyCombine. his loan is successfully combined but combinations[11].valid = false is triggered.
5. Alice calls applyCombine and the check combinations[id].valid fails preventing her loan combination.


## Impact
Users will be unable to combine Loans properly.

## Code Snippet

[OCC_Modular.sol#L749](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L749)
[OCC_Modular.sol#L877-L905](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L877-L905)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Modify line 749 in OCC_Modular#applyCombine() to:
```diff
-    combinations[combineCounter].valid = false;
+    combinations[id].valid = false;
```