Odd Concrete Cyborg

medium

# Incorrect Combination Validity Reset in `OCC_Modular` `applyCombine` Function

## Summary
The `applyCombine` function within the OCC_Modular contract contains a flaw related to how it resets the validity of combinations. When a combination is processed, the code should be marking that specific combination as invalid. However, there's an error, and it's incorrectly marking the next combination in line as invalid instead. This can lead to issues in managing the validity status of combinations.
## Vulnerability Detail
The problem lies in how the function identifies the combination to be marked as invalid. It uses the wrong variable `(combineCounter)` to reference the combination. This variable points to the next combination in the data structure, rather than the current one being processed `(id)`.
## Impact
This error could lead to problems managing the validity flags of combinations within the `OCC_Modular` contract. Combinations might be incorrectly identified as valid or invalid, potentially causing issues in how they are processed or confusion about their status.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zivoe/blob/main/zivoe-core-foundry/src/lockers/OCC/OCC_Modular.sol#L749
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The code within the `OCC_Modular` contract's `applyCombine` function needs to be updated to correctly reset the validity of the combination being processed. Instead of using `combinations[combineCounter].valid = false;` , it should use `combinations[id].valid = false;`.
correct code snippet
```diff
function applyCombine(uint256 id) external {
  require(combinations[id].valid, "OCC_Modular::applyCombine() !combinations[id].valid");
  require(block.timestamp < combinations[id].expires, "OCC_Modular::applyCombine() block.timestamp >= combinations[id].expires");

  - combinations[combineCounter].valid = false;
  + combinations[id].valid = false;
}
```